have you realised that rock stars
always seem to lie so much?
john lydon once said he cared
but he never really gave a fuck
said he'd use the money he made
so that people would have somewhere to go
but now he lives in the usa
and snorts coke after the show
why is it that rock stars
always seem to lie so much?
joe strummer once said he cared
but he never really gave a fuck
said he'd use the money he made
to set up a radio station
to make the airwaves full of something more than shit
have you noticed we're still waiting?
you must realise that rock stars
always seem to lie so much
some will always tell you that they care
but they don't really give a fuck
still you suckers don't ever learn
that rock stars deal in money not truth
it's good business to exploit you
just look at lydon or strummer for proof
the black cloud gathers smothers my brain
as i cry another tear in this struggle of pain
another hurdle to clear is it all the same
is the conquest of pain my only aim?
this pain has got to stop, it's eating into me
my apathy upholds this misery
this hatred for myself will destroy me
if i don't start to give it the love it needs
have you ever realized you must love yourself
if you don't how can you love anybody else?
nobody can reach you through your personal hell
you'll just eat yourself away in your tortured shell
three quarters of the world are starving
three quarters of the world are starving
the rest are dead
the rest are dead
overdosed on insensitivity
all varnished to crosses
three quarters of the world are starving
three quarters of the world are starving
the rest are dead
the rest are dead
it's escapist shit of a feeble kind
a fucked up institution for fucked up minds
holy matrimony is a blissful myth
wholly based on tradition, wholly based on bullshit
think you love each other, think you're so in touch
but its the shit institution you love so much
is your caring so stifled so perverted and sick
that you need vows and duties so that it won't slip?
you make your love secure but what of respect?
does it only exist as another truth to forget?
so your limited caring is the best you can give-
smeared with lies and traditions behind which you live
holy matrimony is a blissful myth
wholly based on tradition wholly based on bullshit
being honest is no means of survival, avoid your inner-feelings like the plague
this is what it takes to comply with the images this structure will accommodate
but things aren't what they seem when they're partially hidden behind walls of pretense built for peace of mind
the barriers between us are forever maintained by our acceptance of the roles others choose to define
in a world of competition life's portrayed as a contest where we're forced to live by making gains at others expense
but no-one's really gaining when perpetual conflict's the result of our relationships based on pretense
we don't need this cultural cosmetic division it upholds the self-interest on which the system feeds
a deconditioned consciousness of mutual respect is the only way to cure this cosmetic disease
what's the point of living in your mindless life?
what's the point of living in your mindless life?
what's the point of dying in your mindless death?
what's the point of living in your lifeless mind?
have you ever even had the thought of thinking?
or is it you're just ignorant ignorant?
have you ever even had the thought of thinking?
pathetic fool trapped inside your skull
the pile of shit inside your brain in which you live-
is not your own, you live out all the lies you're given-
you're too scared to face yourself, you're too scared to face yourself-
so you're too scared to please yourself
living in your dreamworld is nothing but a-
nightmare-
nothing but a nightmare
i tell you about the animals-
how they suffer how they die
you try to hide guilty doubt
from me with an appeasing smile
you never want responsibility
for this murderous cruelty
the wasteful piles of blood-soaked bodies
you won't let your conscience see
ask yourself what makes you want this
torn ripped flesh so desperately
are you worthy of having this suffering
brought about to fuel your greed?
not satisfied with killing animals
you're killing millions of people as well
as the numbers increase of those dying-
in your man made third world hell
millions dying all the time
locked in your abattoir of greed
whilst you destroy them and yourself
by taking much more than you need
there is no justice in this death
no illusion i'll let you hide behind
the tradition you use to hide animal murder is
nothing but a thin disguise
love is not your parents lies
it's a myth that they create
true expression you're denied
in their "love" it has no place
love is not your parents lies
do they really care for you?
why then must they hide behind
duty and guilt that smothers you
love is not your parents lies
strung up by hostility
never doubt that they're so kind
it's a sordid parody
love is not your parents lies
blackmail keeps you in your place
you can struggle you can try
but they won't see your real face
love is not your parents lies
but you dare not face this fact
their pretense at paradise
keeps you down + holds you back
love is not your parents lies
smash the myth of unquestioned love
it's a role they hide behind
dumb pretense is not enough
couldn't stand dummy+maddy no more
thats why i had to go to the psycho squat
now the fleas carry blood around my body
the winning spiel goes round and round
the mass debate never ends
transatlantic titanic freakshout
radio schizo, new empire's devouring old
radio schizo, the one's called sane wanna self destruct
radio schizo, peoples caught in poison webs
radio schizo, chains their brains to the media mains
radio schizo, fable and label make your tower of babel
radio schizo
green to feel blue?
is your vision purely golden?
is your humour black or olden?
do you find you're getting yellow?
'though you know you're in the red dread
red dread red dread red dread red dread red dread red
i'm your media friend
transparent so close friend
are you green to feel blue?
is your vision purely golden?
is your humour black or olden?
do you find you're getting yellow?
'though you know you're in the red dread
red dread red dread red
i'm your media friend
around the clock religion
green to feel blue?
is your vision purely golden?
is your humour black or olden?
do you find you're getting yellow?
'though you know you're in the red dread
red dread red dread red dread red dread red dread red
i'm your media friend
with you to the rainbow end
green to feel blue
she is such a pretty girl
her shape fits well into a mould
her mind removed, her body's sold
she does exactly what she's told
and he is such a brave young man
if his brain can't then violence can
his mind was drained since life began
of the compassion he once had
why go on living in the past?
we just uphold the sexual farce
past is past is past is farce
why go on living in the past?
if air to breathe is hard to find
in her tight mold she doesn't mind
she fits in well, she's one of a kind
her processed mind upholds the lies
and he in turn plays out the part
we tempted him with from the start
and she in turn plays out the part
dictated to her by the past
why go on living in the past?
we just uphold the sexual farce
past is past is past is farce
why go on living in the past?
poppies are the opium of the people
you prefer poppies to people
you take pride in genocide
there are no poppies in the usa
there are no poppies in the ussr
poppy monopoly in the uk
poppy monopoly o.k
poppies are the opium of the people
floating round the universe
fucking in our cosmic hearse
you know time don't ever end
can't evade those dead zen men
you're the meat in big buddas dinner
one day you'll eat us all up too
one day is now
blasphemy squad
thriving on hate
in the warfare state
like piss in a pod

never forget
never ever forgive
wash your mouth out with pope
death love god squad
the babies of christ
pin you all down
in their burial mound

never forget
never ever forgive
wash your mouth out with pope
no need to feed
from corpus christi
no need to cower
inside you's the power
never forget
never ever forgive
wash your mouth out with pope
hairy white mouse
the rubber arch bish
the crazed entourage
their immoral barrage
they censored this line
with a brick through my head
washed my mouth out with pope
of all the torment i've been through
i never knew hell till i met you
your imperious aura, your needs understood
you wouldn't tell me the truth if you could
but in the back room, a garden of delight
cut through the bar just like a fist fight
for a moment i thought i saw something in your eyes
that's when i was taken by surprise
soul of washrag, show no sadness
face of poker, show no fears
overwhelming, you show no mercy
mediocre, show no tears
now this party's crazy, i gotta go
but before i leave, i gotta know
that night in the room full of violent screams
when you whispered me your secret dreams
as we both laid there on the floor
you said it takes two to start a war
for a moment i thought i saw something in your eyes
that's when i was taken by surprise
soul of washrag, show no sadness
face of poker, show no fears
overwhelming, you show no mercy
mediocre, show no tears
for a moment i thought i saw something in your eyes
that's when i was taken by surprise
soul of washrag, show no sadness
face of poker, show no fears
overwhelming, you show no mercy
mediocre, show no tears
young and dumb, truth and justice fantasy
fresh out of the academy
five-time loser bust his head, make your day
unless you're paid off, then you look away
do you think this corruption will ever stop?
what makes a person want to be a cop?
ran a red light, storm his house and bust the guy
do you like to see his children cry?
pick up a hooker, take her for a little ride
but get sucked off on the side
sworn to serve and protect, forget the killing
badge-wearing fascist villain
pissed on the street, you bust the guy
do you like to see his children cry?
the badge means you suck, a child lays there dead
as you look back what goes through your head?
some still call him pig
some still call him pig
young and dumb, truth and justice fantasy
fresh out of the academy
five-time loser bust his head, make your day
unless you're paid off, then you look away
he burned a flag, storm the house and bust the guy
do you like to see his children cry?
ran a red light, take her for a little ride
but get sucked off on the side
the badge means you suck, a child lays there dead
as you look back, what goes through your head?
talk to them, you can work it out
you better not even try it
make a play for his gun
they'll kill you, say it was a riot
riot!
what's behind the badge?
so much discontent in this hatefilled place
how could you want a master race?
we all got to learn to help each other
you are my sister, you are my brother!
open up your eyes and see, people living in harmony
listen nazi never again!
open up your mouth and scream!!!, some of us still have a dream
listen nazi never again!
open up your mind and think, what you spew really stinks
listen nazi never again!
open up your ears to peace, will this bullshit ever cease?
never again!!!
we're members of the same nation
one suppressing opposition
one way we can all be free
fight the real enemy!!
you walk the streets cuz of your bad habits
wash the past with another hot rinse
meet a man who'll make your dreams come true
your worst nightmare has just begun for you
from the fire into the water
cold nighttime makes my blood get hotter
steel shines handcuffs in the moonlight
feel the darkness, now you're one of us
at midnight my blackheart's fading (blue)
a sad description, five feet minus (two)
i can't think about running back to (you)
you started with nothing,but you ended up with less
feel the darkness
the whip cracks, it stops,but where not through
tonight haha steel shines just for you
from the fire into the water
cold nightime makes my blood get hotter
(guitar solo 8x)
i heard your story and i saw your headline
the details put a chill down my spine
you try to call me, from a long distance phone
i'm out on the dancefloor baby, standing..
i'm standing all alone
at midnight my blackheart's fading (blue)
a sad description, five feet minus (two)
i can't think about running back to (you)
you started with nothing,but you ended up with less
quit my job, told my boss to stand aside
grabbed a gun, a fifth of booze, jumped in my ride
i got my girl, she's sixteen and she's really special
i can't slow down, i've got a date with the devil
two tons of steel, one hundred miles an hour
no looking back, grooving on the power
responsibility made me quit
i'm sick of this motherfucking goddamn shit
there's a road, beyond it lies, i don't know
i just gotta run, i just gotta go
no looking back,  the power
i, i never sang a love song
and i never owned a car
but i've never met a machine who would drive me this far
i'm not gonna listen to a word you say
i'm leaving in the morning, just to get away
i can't stand myself for just another day
i'm leaving in the morning, just to get away
(repeat)
don't get paid, shave my head
wear a smile for those who are saved
buried in my palms a nail
burning in my souls a hell
look in my heart see the pain
look in my brain see the hate, its pure
lost direction sold my mind
erase all thoughts to keep hate pure
following the mindless driven by hate
i know whats coming and i can't wait
look me in the eyes and i'll be gone
the lie is so real, i almost believe it
conceit flows like sewage
how could you conceive it?
shake my hand, look me in the eye
smile and think of ways i'll die
plastic bomb, plastic smile
fake commitment, blood soaked style
wrapped in a fur, trapped in a cancer
the swansong's over for the littlest dancer
mistrust so explosive, apathetic corrosive
when i ask for it straight up
false face is compulsive
try to stand tall, falling face down
big fish, small town, small fish, ghost town
raised right-wing since you were born
it nothing new to me. keep it in the family
incest breed, what a fix, you're the casualty
your eyes are too blind to see
goose steps to cries of poor. follow no more
try to even the score. enlisted at seventeen
can't see what i mean? come on man use your brain
i hear you pack a gun
ugly american
white bread fed. gun rack head
your braincells and more are dead
i bet you voted republican and you got a sheet in your closet
with holes out for eyes "yeah thats right"
you dress up at night. you're a big tough man
when you're with your friends
but when there's only one you run and hide
"four more years four more years"
that's what the brainwashed shout
scream them down
shut them out
its really messed up. you and me made it that way
why do you torture so? why don't you just let go?
you might have more than me
i'm not so blind i can't see
the rich getting richer, who says that it has to be?
money talks, money screams
middle class lies, amerikan dreams
the rich get richer, the poor get poorer
who says it has to be
go!
all my life i have been used by you
time has come our game of love is through
since i was born i've lived in the cold i've lived in the dark
now i want heat now i want light igniting spark
i'm not a martyr but i am truth and you are a liar
but now my life of constant sadness goes up in the fire
i will
be heard
and i will
be heard
step on me i'm here for you to see
i hope you choke as i go up in flames
i told you my problems but you never heard a word
this is the moment for once in my life i will be heard
i know there must be a better way but i don't know how
you've lied to me and you've ignored me
but you won't now
i will
be heard
and i will
be heard
all my life i have been used by you
time has come our game of love is through
a burning passion from a burning mass
reaches up for the sky
i've called you here my devoted family turn to watch me die
i'm not a martyr but i am truth and you are a liar
so now my life of constant sadness goes up in the fire
yeah!
one, two, three, four
fuck you!
do this, don't do that
breaking rules is where it's at
and that's the way it's gonna stay
if you don't wanna try
you better have a reason why
pass the laws obey by it
break the rules don't give a shit
i only have one commandment
destroy to create, build a new
smash the hate
what are they for?
why were rules made?
to be broken!
who's to blame
for all your flaws?
make abortion outlawed
and put prayer back in school
the truth is as clear as a cespool
i say piss on all your fucking rules
from where i stand
the inside view of a promised land
is the inside view of a garbage can
i'll bite the hand that feeds me shit
i am getting sick of the taste of it
what are they for?
why were rules made?
to be broken!
leave the police bleeding
leave the churches smoking
and your rules leave them
out in the street because
your rules were made to be broken
im looking for a cure, but where i'm standing
it looks like another one, nothing but bad things
nothing but emptiness, a hit and run life won't take you nowhere
nothing but bad dreams, a screaming image running around
don't ask me again cause you know what i said
it hurts, in my headache, in my headache
i tell it to go away, but it plans to stay
i don't want to play dead, it hurts
my headache, my head, in my headache it fucking hurts
and everybody's fucking everyone else
cut themselves scar their feelings put on a shelf
then look in the mirror, see your reflection, but can you see yourself
in your head you hear, a screaming image running around
i go full speed don't look back
do what i feel and live how i want to
hide in your big warm house, lock the door and dream of more
they say the meek will inherit the earth but who's gonna pay the tax?
begging, scraping, sucking my welfare check
bitching about big brother while big sister scratches my back
hit and miss lifestyle. down on whats it's up to be
is this the one for me?
i play a rule breaker's game. this game is called life
its not as easy as a cut of the cards or a twist of the knife
day to day, hand to mouth
is that what my life's story is all about?
lifestyles of the poor and homeless
i'm drunk and obnoxious and i hate the rich
the seed we planted is starting to show
but we screamed "no future" a thousand years ago
my belief is true, what about you?
i take the good with the bad and the bad with the bad
but i wish the bad would stop
what you practice now is what you preached then
young and poor. was told what it was to be
i wasn't taught how to pronounce "free"
struggling country
police state cry
break the stronghold
you have to try to be free
actions now, the struggles on
no police brutality, smash it from within
keep hoping some are free
speak out against your oppressor, revolutionary
smash fascism, keep hoping some are free
fight back, crack government strategy
self determination, build solidarity
illegally torment, repressive ordinances
you can't change the world
but you can change yourself
you decide who will be free
stand on both feet, hold my own
no gun, no way to make a mark
impressed, obsessed with people dying
no choice for you, good deaths a blessing
open wide and take your poison
count your blessings, before you lose them
i might be mad about the way things are turning out
you might be dead, theres one way out
its not up, you better think twice
big a, little a, bouncing b
the system might have got you but it won't get me
1 - 2 - 3 - 4
external control are you gonna let them get you?
do you wanna be a prisoner in the boundaries they set you?
you say you want to be yourself, by christ do you think they'll let you?
they're out to get you get you get you get you get you get you get you
hello, hello, hello, this is the lord god, can you hear?
hellfire and damnation's what i've got for you down there
on earth i have ambassadors, archbishop, vicar, pope
we'll blind you with morality, you'd best abandon any hope
we're telling you you'd better pray 'cause you were born in sin
right from the start we'll build a cell and then we'll lock you in
we sit in holy judgement condemning those that stray
we offer our forgiveness, but first we'll make you pay
external control are you gonna let them get you?
do you wanna be a prisoner in the boundaries they set you?
you say you want to be yourself, by christ do you think they'll let you?
they're out to get you get you get you get you get you get you get you
hello, hello, hello, now here's a massage from your queen
as figurehead of the status quo i set the social scene
i'm most concerned about my people, i want to give them peace
so i'm making sure they stay in line with my army and police
my prisons and my mental homes have ever open doors
for those amongst my subjects who dare to ask for more
unruliness and disrespect are things i can't allow
so i'll see the peasants grovel if they refuse to bow
external control are you gonna let them get you?
do you wanna be a prisoner in the boundaries they set you?
you say you want to be yourself, by christ do you think they'll let you?
they're out to get you get you get you get you get you get you get you
introducing the prime sinister, she's a mother to us all
like the dutch boy's finger in the dyke her arse is in the wall
holding back the future waiting for the seas to part
if moses did it with is faith, she'll do it with an army
who at times of threatened crisis are certain to be there
guarding national heritage no matter what or where
palaces for kings and queens, mansions for the rich
protection for the wealthy, defence of privilege
they've learnt the ropes in ireland, engaged in civil war
fighting for the ruling classes in their battle against the poor
so ireland's just an island? it's an island of the mind
great britain? future? bollocks, you'd better look behind
round every other corner stands p.c. 1984
guardian of the future, he'll implement the law
he's there as a grim reminder that no matter what you do
big brothers system's always there with his beady eyes on you
from god to local bobby, in home and street and school
they've got your name and number while you've just got their rule
we've got to look for methods to undermine those powers
it's time to change the tables. the future must be ours
big a, little a, bouncing b
the system might have got you but it won't get me
be exactly who you want to be, do what you want to do
i am he and she is she but you're the only you
no one else has got your eyes, can see the things you see
it's up to you to change your life and my life's up to me
the problems that you suffer from are problems that you make
the shit we have to climb through is the shit we choose to take
if you don't like the life you live, change it now it's yours
nothing has effects if you don't recognise the cause
if the programme's not the one you want, get up, turn off the set
it's only you that can decide what life you're gonna get
if you don't like religion you can be the antichrist
if your tired of politics you can be an anarchist
but no one ever changed the church by pulling down a steeple
and you'll never change the system by bombing number ten
systems just aren't made of bricks they're mostly made of people
you may send them into hiding, but they'll be back again
if you don't like the rules they make, refuse to play their game
if you don't want to be a number, don't give them your name
if you don't want to be caught out, refuse to hear their question
silence is a virtue, use it for your own protection
they'll try to make you play their game, refuse to show your face
if you don't want to be beaten down, refuse to join their race
be exactly who you want to be, do what you want to do
i am he and she is she but you're they only you
fuck the politically minded, here's something i want to say
about the state of the nation, the way they treat us today
at school they give you shit, drop you in a pit
you try, you try, you try to get out, but you can't because they've fucked you about
then you're a prime example of how they must not be
this is just a sample, what they've done to you and me

do they owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they fucking do
they don't want me anymore, threw it on the floor
used to call me sweet thing, i'm nobody's plaything
and now that i am different, love to bust my head
you'd love to see me cop out, love to see me dead

do they owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they fucking do
the living that is owed to me, i'm never going to get
buggered this whole world up, up to their necks in debt.
give you a lobotomy for something you ain't done
make you the epitome of everything that's wrong

do they owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they fucking do
don't take any notice of what the public thinks
so much on the tv, just don't want to think.
used you as a target, they want to sell advice
when you don't want to hear it, say you're full of vice

do they owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they do, course they do
owe us a living?
course they fucking do
yes that's right, punk is dead
it's just another cheap product for the consumers' head
bubblegum rock on plastic transistors
schoolboy sedition backed by big-time promoters
cbs promote the clash
ain't for revolution, it's just for cash
punk became a fashion just like hippy used to be
ain't got a thing to do with you or me
movements are systems and systems kill
movements are expressions of the public will
punk became a movement cos we all felt lost
leaders sold out and now we all pay the cost
punk narcissism was a social napalm
steve jones started doing real harm
preaching revolution, anarchy and change
sucked from the system that had given him his name
well i'm tired of staring through shit-stained glass
tired of staring up a superstar's arse
i've got an arse and crap and a name
i'm just waiting for my fifteen minutes fame
steven jones, you're napalm
if you're so pretty vacant, why do you smarm?
patti smith, you're napalm, you write with your hand
but it's rimbaud's arm
and me, yes, i, do i want to burn?
is there something i can learn?
do i need a business man to promote my angle
can i resist the carrots that fame and fortune dangle
i see the velvet zippies in their bondage gear
the social elite with safety pins in their ear
i watch and understand that it don't mean a thing
the scorpions might attack, but the systems stole the sting
punk is dead
punk is dead
punk is dead
punk is dead
punk is dead
punk is dead
punk is dead
punk is dead
punk is dead1
banned from the roxy, okay
i never much liked playing there anyway
they said they only wanted well behaved boys
do they think guitars and microphones are just fucking toys?
fuck 'em, i've chosen to make my stand
against what i feel is wrong with this land
they just sit there on their overfed arses
feeding off the sweat of less fortunate classes
they keep their fucking power cause their finger's on the button
they've got control and won't let it be forgotten
the truth of their reality is at the wrong end of a gun
the proof is belfast and that's no fucking fun
seeing the squaddy lying in the front yard
seeing the machine guns resting on the fence
finding the entrance to your own front door is barred
they've got the fucking nerve to call it defence
seems their defence is just the threat of strength
protection for the privileged at any length
the government protecting their profits from the poor
the rich and the fortunate chaining up the door
afraid that the people may ask for a little more
than the shit they get, shit they get
shit they get, shit they get
shit they get, shit they get
shit they get, shit they get
defence? shit, it's nothing less than war
and no-one but the government knows what the fuck it's for
oh yes they say it's defence, they say it's decency
mai lai, hiroshima, know what i mean?
the same fucking lies with depressing frequency
they say "we had to do it to keep our lives clean"
whose life? whose fucking life?
who the fuck are they talking to?
whose life? whose fucking life?
i tell you one thing, it ain't me and you
and their system, christ, they're everywhere
school, army, church, corporation deal
a fucked up reality based on fear
a fucking conspiracy to stop you feeling real
well, they ain't got me, i'd say they're fucking wrong
i ain't quite ready with my gun, but i've got me song:
banned from the roxy, okay
i never much liked playing there anyway
guns!2
i've got 54321
i've got a red pair of high-heels on
tumble me over, it doesn't take much
tumble me over, tumble me, push
in my red high-heels i've no control
the rituals of repression are so old
you can do what you like, there'll be no reprisal
i'm yours, yes i'm yours, it's my means of survival
i've got 54321
come on my love, i know you're strong
push me hard, make me stagger
the pain in my back just doesn't matter
you force-hold me above the ground
i can't get away, my feet are bound
so i'm bound to say
that i'm bound to stay
well today i look so good
just like i know i should
my breasts to tempt inside my bra
my face is painted like a movie star
i've studied my flaws in your reflection
and put them to rights with savage correction
i've turned my statuesque perfection
and shone it over in your direction
so come on darling, make me yours
trip me over, show me the floor
tease me, tease me, make me stay
in my red high-heels i can't get away
i'm trussed and bound like an oven ready bird
but i bleed without dying and won't say a word
slice my flesh and i'll ride the scar
put me into gear like your lady car
drive me fast and crash me crazy
i'll rise from the wreckage as fresh as a daisy
these wounds leave furrows as they heal
i've travelled them, they're red and real
i know them well, they're part of me
my birth, my sex, my history
they grew with me, my closest friend
my pain's my own, my pain's my end
clip my wings so you know where i am
i can't get lost while you're my man
tame me so i know your call
i've stabbed my heels so i am tall
i've bound my twisted falling fall
beautiful mute against the wall
beautifully mutilated as i fall
use me don't lose me
i've got 54321
i've got a red pair of high-heels on
strap my ankles, break my heels
make me kneel, make me feel
turn, turn, turn, like a clockwork doll
put in your key and give me a whirl
tease me, tease me, the reason to play
in my red high-heels i can't get away
i'll be your bonsai, your beautiful bonsai
your black-eye bonsai, erotically rotting
will my tiny feet fit your desire?
warped and tied i walk on fire
burn me out, twist my wrists
i promise not to shout, beat me with your fists
squeeze me, squeeze me, make me feel
in my red high-heels i'm an easy kill
tease me, tease me, make me see
you're the only one, i need to be me
thank you, will you take me?
thank you, will you make me?
thank you, will you break me?
use me don't lose me
taste me, don't waste me
use, lose, taste, waste
they said that we were trash
well the name is crass, not clash
they can stuff their punk credentials
cause it's them that take the cash
they won't change nothing with their fashionable talk
all their rar badges and their protest walk
thousands of white men standing in a park
objecting to racism's like a candle in the dark
black man's got his problems and his way to deal with it
so don't fool yourself you're helping with your white liberal shit
if you care to take a closer look at the way things really stand
you'd see we're all just niggers to the rulers of this land
punk was once an answer to years of crap
a way of saying no where we'd always said yep
but the moment we saw a way to be free
they invented a dividing line, street credibility
the qualifying factors are politics and class
left wing macho street fighters willing to kick arse
they said because of racism they'd come out on the street
it was just a form of fascism for the socialist elite
bigotry and blindness, a marxist con
another clever trick to keep us all in line
neat little labels to keep us all apart
to keep us all divided when the troubles start
pogo on a nazi, spit upon a jew
vicious mindless violence that offers nothing new
left wing violence, right wing violence, all seems much the same
bully boys out fighting, it's just the same old game
boring fucking politics that'll get us all shot
left wing, right wing, you can stuff the lot
keep your petty prejudice, i don't see the point
anarchy and freedom is what i want1
system, system, system - death in life!
system, system, system - the surgeon's knife!
system, system, system - hacking at the cord!
system, system, system - a child is born!
poor little fucker, poor little kid
never asked for life, no, she never did!
poor little baby, poor little mite
crying out for food as her parents fight...
crying out for food as her parents fight!
system, system, system - send him to school
system, system, system - force him to crawl...
system, system, system - teach him how to cheat!
system, system, system - kick him off his feet!
poor little schoolboy, poor little lad
they'll pet him if he's good, and they'll beat him if he's bad!
poor little kiddy, poor little chap
they'll force-feed his mind with their useless crap
force-feed his mind with their useless crap!
system, system, system - they'll teach her how to cook!
system, system, system - teach her how to look
system, system, system - they'll teach her all the tricks!
system, system, system - create another victim for their greasy pricks
poor little girly, poor little wench
another little object to prod and pinch
poor little sweety, poor little filly;
they'll fuck her mind so they can fuck her silly
fuck her mind so they can fuck her silly!
system, system, system - he's grown to be a man
system, system, system - taught to fit the plan
system, system, system - forty years of jobs!
system, system, system - pushing little buttons, pulling little knobs
poor fucking worker, poor little serf
working like a mule for half of what he's worth
poor fucking grafter, poor little gent
working for the cash that he's already spent
working for the cash that he's already spent!
he's selling his life - she's his loyal wife;
timid as a mouse, she's got her litle house
he's got his little car, and they share the cocktail bar
she likes to cook his meals - you know, something that appeals
sometimes, he works 'til late, so his supper has to wait
but she doesn't really mind, 'cos he's getting overtime
he likes to put a bit away just for that rainy day
'cos every little counts as the cost of living mounts
they do the pools each week, hoping for that lucky break;
then they'd take a trip abroad, do all the things they can't afford
she'd really like to have a fur, he'd like a bigger car
they could buy a bungalow, with a georgian door for show
he might think of leaving work, but, no, he wouldn't like a shirk
he'd much prefer to stay, and get his honest day's pay
he's got a life of work ahead - there's no rest for the dead
and she's tried to make it nice, he's said "thank you," once or twice
system, system, system - deprived of any hope
system, system, system - taught they couldn't cope. (i know!)
system, system, system - slaves right from the start
system, system, system - til death do them part!
poor little fuckers, what a sorry pair
had their lives stolen, but they didn't really care...
poor little darlings, just your ordinary folks;
victims of the system and it's cruel jokes
victims of the system and it's cruel jokes!
the couple views the wreckage, and dreams of home sweet home;
they'd almost paid the mortgage, when the system dropped its bomb4
i am no feeble christ, not me! "he" hangs in glib delight upon "his" cross, above my body! "christ, forgive!" forgive?! shit, fuck, i vomit for you, jesu; shit forgive. down now from your cross! down now from your papal heights, from that churlish suicide, petulant child! down from those pious heights, royal flag bearer, goat, billy! i vomit for you! forgive?! shit, "he" forgives! "he" hangs in crucified delight nailed to the extent of "his" vision! "his" cross, "his" manhood, violence, guilt, sin! "he" would nail my body upon "his" cross, suicide visionary, death reveller, rake, rapist, lifefucker; jesu, earthmover, christus, gravedigger! you dug the pits of auschwitz! the soil of treblinka is your guilt, your sin! master?! master of gore, enigma! you carry the standard of our oppression! enola is your gaiety! the bodies of hiroshima are your delight! the nails are your only "trinity"! hold them in your corpse-y gracelessness, the image i have had to suffer! the cross is the virgin body of womanhood that you've defiled! you nail yourself to your own sin! lame-arse jesus calls me "sister"?! there are no words for my contempt! every woman is a cross in "his" filthy theology, in "his" arrogant delight! "he" turns his back upon me in his fear; "he" dare not face me! fearfucker! share nothing in christ, sterile, impotent, fucklove prophet of death! you are the ultimate pornography in your cuntfear, cockfear, manfear, womanfear, unfair, warfare, warfare, warfare, warfare, warfare, warfare, warfare, warfare! jesus died for his own sins, not mine!2
i am no feeble christ, not me
he hangs in glib delight upon his cross, upon his cross
above my body, lowly me
christ forgive, forgive?
holy he, he holy, he holy?
shit he forgives, forgive? forgive?
i? i? me? i? i vomit for you jesu
christy christus
puke upon your papal throne
wrapped you are in the bloody shroud of churlish suicide
wrapped i am in the bloody cloud
of hellish genocide
petulant child
i have suffered for you
where you have never known me
i too must die
will you be shadowed in the arrogance of my death?
your valley truth
what lights pass those pious heights?
what passing bells for these in their trucks?
for you lord
you are the flag-bearer of these nations
one against the other that die in the mud
no piety. no deity
is that your forgiveness?
saint. martyr. goat. billy
forgive? shit he forgives
he hangs upon his cross
in self-righteous judgment
hangs in crucified delight
nailed to the extend of his vision
his cross. his manhood. his violence. guilt. sin
he would nail my body upon his cross
as if i might have waited for him in the garden
as if i might have perfumed his body
washed those bloody feet
this woman that he seeks
suicide visionary. death reveller. rake. rapist
gravedigger. earthmover. lifefucker. jesu
you scooped the pits of auschwitz
the soil of treblinka is rich in your guilt
the sorrow of your tradition
your stupid humility is the crown of thorn we all must wear
for you. ha. master. master of gore. enigma. stigma. stigmata. errata. eraser
the cross is the mast of our oppression
you fly there, vain flag
you carry it, wear it on your back, lord. your back
enola is your gaiety
suffer little children (to come unto me)
suffer in that horror. hirohorror. hirrohiro. hiroshimmer. shimmerhiro
hiroshima. hiroshima. hiroshima. hiroshima
the bodies are your delight
the incandescent flame is the spirit of it
they come to you jesu. to you
the nails are the only trinity
hold them in your corpsey gracelessness
the image that i have had to suffer
these nails at my temple
the cross is the virgin body of womanhood
that you defile
in your guilt you turn your back
nailed to that body
lame-ass jesus calls me sister
there are no words for my contempt
every woman is a cross in his filthy theology
he turns his back on me in his fear
his vain delight is that pain i bear
alone he hangs. his choice. his choice
alone. alone. his voice. his voice
he shares nothing, this christ
sterile. impotent. fucklove prophet of death
he is the ultimate pornography
he. he. hear us jesus
you sigh alone in your cockfear
you lie alone in your cuntfear
you cry alone in your womanfear
you die alone in you manfear
alone jesu, alone
in your cockfear. cuntfear. womanfear. manfear
alone in your fear. alone in your fear. alone in your fear
your fear. your fear. your fear. your fear. your fear. your fear. your fear
warfare. warfare. warfare. warfare. warfare
jesus died for his own sins. not mine
you talk about your revolution, well, that's fine
but what are you going to be doing come the time?
are you going to be the big man with the tommy-gun?
will you talk of freedom when the blood begins to run?
well, freedom has no value if violence is the price
don't want your revolution, i want anarchy and peace
you talk of overthrowing power with violence as your tool
you speak of liberation and when the people rule
well ain't it people rule right now, what difference would there be?
just another set of bigots with their rifle-sights on me
but what about those people who don't want your new restrictions?
those that disagree with you and have their own convictions?
you say they've got it wrong because they don't agree with you
so when the revolution comes you'll have to run them through
you say that revolution will bring freedom for us all
well freedom just ain't freedom when your back's against the wall
you talk of overthrowing power with violence as your tool
you speak of liberation and when the people rule
well ain't it people rule right now, what difference would there be?
just another set of bigots with their rifle-sights on me
will you indoctrinate the masses to serve your new regime?
and simply do away with those whose views are too extreme?
transportation details could be left to british rail
where zyklon b succeeded, north sea gas will fail
it's just the same old story of man destroying man
we've got to look for other answers to the problems of this land
you talk of overthrowing power with violence as your tool
you speak of liberation and when the people rule
well ain't it people rule right now, what difference would there be?
just another set of bigots with their rifle-sights on me
vive la revolution, people of the world unite
stand up men of courage, it's your job to fight
it all seems very easy, this revolution game
but when you start to really play things won't be quite the same
your intellectual theories on how it's going to be
don't seem to take into account the true reality
cos the truth of what you're saying, as you sit there sipping beer
is pain and death and suffering, but of course you wouldn't care
you're far too much of a man for that, if mao did it so can you
what's the freedom of us all against the suffering of the few?
that's the kind of self-deception that killed ten million jews
just the same false logic that all power-mongers use
so don't think you can fool me with your political tricks
political right, political left, you can keep your politics
government is government and all government is force
left or right, right or left, it takes the same old course
oppression and restriction, regulation, rule and law
the seizure of that power is all your revolution's for
you romanticise your heroes, quote from marx and mao
well their ideas of freedom are just oppression now
nothing changed for all the death, that their ideas created
it's just the same fascistic games, but the rules aren't clearly stated
nothing's really different cos all government's the same
they can call it freedom, but slavery is the game
nothing changed for all the death, that their ideas created
it's just the same fascistic games, but the rules aren't clearly stated
nothing's really different cos all government's the same
they can call it freedom, but slavery is the game
there's nothing that you offer but a dream of last years hero
the truth of revolution, brother................... is year zero
the door stands open
across lines, invisible hands are held
golden streamers building in the night...
alone, the possibilities are enormous
step outside and parasites
deprived of their meat
wait to suck on tiring flesh
unending statistics that fatten leaders
prisoners of their morality
afraid of death
we can not save ourselves
to breathe... is not enough

when you woke this morning you looked so rocky-eyed
blue and white normally, but strange ringed like that in black
it doesn't get much better, your voice can get just ripped up shouting in vain
maybe someone hears what you say, but you're still on your own at night
you've got to make such a noise to understand the silence
screaming like a jackass, ringing ears so you can't hear the silence
even when it's there. like the wind seen from the window
seeing it but not being touched by it
words sometimes don't seem to mean much
of anyone we've used more that most
feelings from the heart that have been distorted and mocked
thrown around in the spectacle: the grand social circus!
up against the rows of grey robots who control our lives
the things we have to offer sometimes seem so frail
as they plan destruction and gain respectability
we offer our creativity and are made outcasts!
we didn't expect to find ourselves playing this part
we were concerned with ideas, not rock and roll
but we can't avoid that arena
it's become a part of us even if we don't understand it!
in attempts to moderate they ask why we don't write love songs
what is it that we sing then?
our love of life is total
everything we do is an expression of that!
everything that we write is a love song!!
we look for alternatives
but the enormous power of the media makes it so difficult
to establish foundations. their lies and distortions are so extreme
that everything becomes poisoned and corrupted
we can become media personalities, but it is always on their terms
we're tired of living up to other people's expectations when our own are so much higher
intelligence seems so easily dismissed when it doesn't conform to mainstream values
lennon said "they hate you if you're clever and they despise a fool"
he was right!
social intelligence merely requires agreement and compromise!
the boundaries are becoming narrower as the state becomes more paranoid
under authoritarian rule, conformity becomes the only security...
fear is a powerful weapon against human development
cowering in our temples of self there's little chance of change
the state is aware of that
the bomb serves many functions
if fear of the omnipotent god is no more
the nuclear father will govern with his shepherd's crook
drawing his flock closer to the valley of the shadow of death
those of us who stand out against the status quo
do so against all odds
we cling so closely together
because we have little other than ourselves
critics say that it's just punk rock or that we're just naive anarchists
they hope to discredit us with their labels and definitions!
throughout history societies have condemned those who are later celebrated as heroes
in so many bourgeois homes van gogh's sunflowers radiate from the walls
yet he lived in utter misery, condemned by those very same people
why is it that the kind and gentle are subjected to violence and riducule?
how is it that the small and mealy-minded have gained so much power?
what perversion has taken place that we are governed by fools?
we've had problems from self-appointed gods from bishops to mps
they've tried to ban our records saying that we're a threat to decent society
fuck them! i hope we are!
what kind of depraved idiot thinks they can silence others by denying them their voice?
for fucks sake, who are these lobotomists?
as if walls only had one side
whispered intimacies might not get through
but cries of anguish know no barriers
but how long do we shout for?
denied the airwaves, we trust in the wind to carry what we say
but sometimes we've found ourselves shouting into the wind
when we should have been confiding in each other
it seems so absurd that we are denied the chance of ever being truly free
the terrible inequalities of the peoples of this earth
make freedom at best a dream, at worst an insulting privilege
what space is there for self-expression and personal development
when over half the world's population is starving?
there are so many things that might have been done
but rooted on this spot in the desire to find solution
there's little to see and feel but the sighing and dying of our world
but for suffering we might have been a part of it rather than apart from it

making the compromises
what did you know? what did you care?
brave fronts, deceitful disguises
what did you know? what did you care?
turning a blind eye to the lies just to keep it all together
but sometimes when i'm alone like this i wonder whether it's worth it
smiling and socialising
what did you know? what did you care?
endless philosophising
what did you know? what did you care?
surface agreements, statements of fact, trying to prove we can do it
but sometimes when i'm alone like this i wonder just who can see through it
bargains and sacrifices
what did you know? what did you care?
cheap tricks, cheaper devices
what did you know? what did you care?
holding the vision, but losing our sight, endlessly searching solution
but sometimes when i'm alone like this i wonder how much it's just institution
what did you know? what did you care?
what did you know? what did you care?
what did you know? what did you care?
what did you know? what did you care?
anarchy's become another word for 'got 10p to spare?'
what did you know? what did you care?
another way of saying 'i'm o.k., sod you out there'
what did you know? what did you care?
another token tantrum to cover up the fear
what did you know? what did you care?
another institution, another cross to bear
what did you know? what did you care?
what did you know? what did you care?
what did you know? what did you care?
""
what did you know? what did you care?

anything and everything can be so easily institutionalized
a poor parody of itself
itself contained by itself
there's no point in just mouthing the words
the token tantrums just aren't enough
nor is speed and weed and the positive creed
exclusive clubs where the various tribes congratulate each other for doing fuck all
will achieve nothing but the strengthening of the status quo
punk has spawned another rock and roll elite
cheap rotten vicious imitations thinking they'll change their world
with dyed hair and predictable gestures. nouveau wankers!
there's a thousand empty stages waiting for their empty performances
a thousand empty faces waiting for their empty stances
how many times must we hear rehashed versions of feeding of the 5000
by jerks whose only fuck off to the system has been one off the wrist?
it's the feeding of the 5 knuckle shuffle!!!!

if there was no government, wouldn't there be chaos
everybody running round, setting petrol bombs off?
and if there was no police force, tell me what you'd do
if thirty thousand rioters came running after you?
and who would clean the sewers? who'd mend my television?
wouldn't people lay about without some supervision?
who'd drive the fire engines? who'd fix my video?
if there were no prisons, well, where would robbers go?
and what if i told you to fckk off?
what if there's no army to stop a big invasion?
who'd clean the bogs and sweep the floors? we'd have all immigration
who'd pull the pint at the local pub? where'd i get my fags?
who'd empty out my dustbins? would i still get plastic bags?
if there were no hospitals, and no doctors too
if i'd broken both my legs, where would i run to?
if there's no medication, if there were no nurses
wouldn't people die a lot? and who would drive the hearses?
and what if i told you to fckk off?
if there were no butchers shops, what would people eat?
you'd have everybody starving if they didn't get their meat
if there was no water, what would people drink?
who'd flush away the you-know-what? but of course mine never stink
what about the children? who'd teach them in the schools?
who'd make the beggers keep in line? learn them all the rules?
who's tell us whitewash windows? when to take down doors?
tell us make a flask of tea and survive the holocaust?

the rock and roll swindler says it's o.k. to plunder
so the pirates set sail to rape any ethnic culture they can plug a mike to!
the imperialists rub their hands in glee
as the slave-boy hunts out butt-ends in the garbage cans
is it any wonder there was such sickening celebration over the task force
when so called radicals work hand in hand with the ruling elite?
yesterday those wily creeps rejected the status quo
today they smarm and charm passageways to its very heart
where's the free individual in all that?
where's the hope and aspiration?
identities have become corporations
social egos and media moulds
scholars of ad-man's dreams
prescribed futures...
must we all down aspirins and shine beneath borrowed tans?
are we really so dumb, so cowed into submission
that not only are we prepared to eat shit
we're also prepared to say "thanks for the privilege!"
why should we accept servility as a bargain for dignity?
why should we passively accept death as a bargain for living?
why accept this robbery of life? why accept this pillage?
for christ's sake take up your bed and walk
let the blind see end the deaf hear
the rights of the individual are dependent upon
you realizing your right as an individual!
people are so easily deluded into thinking they've instrumented choice
where in reality they're nothing but passive observers
passive observers do nothing but passively observe
passively soak up creativity and say "wow, that's me!"
passively soak up destruction and say "oh no, not us, not me"
there are those who strive for value and meaning
who search for reason and purpose
their efforts are negated by the passive observers!
they spend days before the t.v. set so burned out
is it any wonder they've lost all sense of vision and possibility?
what chance does anyone have when all the spaces are filled?
sipping breakfast teas to the sound of space invaders
television is today's nuremberg!
bowing to its authority, they become it
i've seen four year old children conforming to media roles
main-lining the gross theater that will become their lives
the television has so dampened people's anger
the population is mesmerized by the flickering screen
and the streets, where the politics of reality were once created
are deserted at night and the rulers sleep secure
they are under no threat as long as the people are sedated
those who suffer head-aches from excessive intake of electrons are prescribed valium
or pay for a fix at the pub where men have to piss up the wall
and the stench of urine lasts well into the next pint
entertainment is designed to gloss over real problems
and very often those who profess dissent only add to the deception
words are banded about, but always at the whim of the puppeteer
actionless sloganeering is just another punch and judy show
any information that we receive concerning the real world is carefully controlled
why else would fiction have such license?
we are allowed to see endless theatrical deaths
but when the real deaths started on the falklands
government censors prevented us from seeing them
we were given the excuse of 'national security'
by the lying shits who were interested only in saving their political skins
it didn't matter a fuck to them how many died
as long as their popularity ratings didn't suffer
for that reason alone we were shielded from the truth
while the real violence is kept from us
we are exposed to constant pantomimes of death and destruction
those in power are rightly aware that if we had access to the real facts
we would cease to be simply passive observers
media coverage of vietnam created massive dissent in the u.s.a
thatcher's government was aware of that when embarking on the falkland charade
they refused press cards to anyone who they knew would not support their line
those who did travel to the falklands found their reports dramatically cut down
meanwhile, at home, we were fed fabrications of britain's 'glorious war'
the truth that is now filtering out paints a very different picture
it's often been said that truth is the first casualty of war
it is, but the same could be said of life:
from birth we are threatened and beaten into submission
by family, church, school and state
from then on we're easy game for the power-mongers!
like pathetic circus dogs we hunt out praise!
or, when our true nature finds its way to the surface
we hide in the darkness, our tails between our legs
at all costs we are prevented from realizing our own potential
we are conditioned into being passive observers
if the ring-master offers war
we have been conditioned to passively accept it
war can only exist through passive acceptance
it is nothing but a demonstration of the weakness of human will!
if the clown offered peace
we will have been conditioned to accept that too
but peace can not and will not be maintained through passive acceptance
peace will require constant demonstrations of personal strength
constant effort, constant hard work,reappraisal, consideration and devotion
which of those qualities were you taught in schoolroom?
whereas war simply requires the masses as cannon-fodder
peace requires individuals to realize their own potential
the odds are hopelessly against because the state deliberately. destroys. human will
passive observers offer nothing but decay
the flowerbeds need weeding, the roses need cutting back before winter
freed from sedation, released from bondage
people would demonstrate their own strength
but the powerful elite are aware of this
and already have tabs on those who they regard as subversives
it is easy for them to single out and intimidated us
and easier still for us simply not to bother!

" ]
it is impossible to gauge the effect that demands for peace may be having
the authorities are skilled at concealing dissatisfaction
for so long people have been saying "no more war"
but for all those demands little has changed
seeing that the peace movement was growing in strength
thatcher appointed heseltine as minister of defense
one specific part of his job is to discredit cnd
such is the nature of conservative democraty
as pacifist we are too easily forced back into tokenism
making hollow gestures against the wheels of the juggernaut
the line is delicate
the spaces have always been created by the gentle and caring
to be later filled by bullies and egotists
we can try to fill those spaces with the strength of our love
gandhi called it ahimsa. the greenham wowan call it the 'politics of whimsy'
but it doesn't end there, neither is it enough
gandhi played a major role in liberating india from britain rule
but conditions in india are still appalling for the ordinary people
limiting greenham peace camp to women only is a sensible political ploy
but if it is a demonstration of sexual exclusivity it is a sham
aren't we seeking to destroy all forms of exclusivity?
does our own oppression give us the right to oppress others?
unless we are prepared to oppose all oppression
we stand guilty of direct contribution to it
the neo-fascist plunder our land
and we must resist them on every level
as outsiders we have few right with which to oppose them
but on our own, together, we seek them
they have their law and those who impose it
we only have ourselves and each other
they have their order and those who impose it
we only have ourselves and each other
it is easy to dismiss those who seek peace as dreamers
but isn't our whole culture built on past dreams?
it is essential that our dreams become a reality
or there will cease to be one!!
harrods boast that it can supply any whim that its wealthy clients might express...
well let them supply me an exocet missile and a starving third world child
and i'll tell them the politics of choice!
equality doesn't enter into the ghettos of wealth
beneath the protective sheath of thatcher's economy
the right, rich and privileged get even richer
and they, in turn, support her barbaric policies both at home and overseas
the falklands war cost britain over sixteen thousand million pounds - in whose pocket!?
throughout the world millions of people are employed making armaments
don't they realize that it's ordinary people like themselves
who'll suffer the effects of their filthy labor!?
the wealthy obscene with their obscene wealth
applaud the carnage from their grandstand
it's as if they were at ascot laying their bets;
five to one on the four horsemen!
they believe that money can buy them out of the responsibility
that they have for the world that they bleed dry
they are the true pornographers
the real stylists in human perversion
rich educated tarts sit dumbly by
watching their fortunes rise and fall
in the neatly pressed pin-striped trousers of the city
debutante whores... in rich men's castles
the ruling elite with their puppet figurehead
queen elizabeth the second, regina-vagina
strut about on the million of bodies
that they have sacrificed to gain their position
who are these leaders but those who have made violence pay?
who are they but the inheritors of their ancestors greed and theft?
their blood stained flags are rags to our future
tattered remnant of our individual rights
these rulers are common murderers and thieves
but still we bow before them
for how long will the masses be so pathetically manipulated by god, queen and country!?
for fucks sake where are we in all this?
we're given life yet we court death
for christ's sake how long? how long, oh lord, how long?
still we lay prostrate before a stylized figure on a crucifix
as if the stone fool might be resurrected
we are expected to bargain our lives for his
and join him in the ugliness of perpetual christian guilt
he hangs there as a remainder of our own subjugation
let it be known that he alone is christ
those who dare emulate him shall suffer thus
each settlement is spiked with that stupid image
each conscience nailed to that diet of corruption
military acts are bathed in those gory tales
tired marines, edgy to fuck and sleep, are blessed in his name
pious virgins in desire kneel in worship before the myth
in anticipation of their own death, they await his coming
sweet jesus have mercy on me
sweet jesus, they share his agony
sweet jesus, they share his misery
fuck his loaded deity

over half the world's population is starving
crucified... by the greed of landowners
helpless... against the imbalance of priorities
practiced by the major powers who, if they wanted to, could help
every minute of the day millions upon million of pounds
are spent on the machinery of war
if only a half of that was spent on the machinery of peace
there would be no more starvation on this planet
yet governments pay no heed to the cries of suffering
they perhaps make token gestures to appease their consciences
but no real improvements are made
because to ensure control the superpowers need to maintain the imbalance
natives are slaughtered
in their homelands
by governments seeking out
new possessions
most of the wealth of the so called developed nations
has been gained at the expense of the third world
from whom natural resources
both mineral and human
have been unscrupulously exploited
peoples' pride and dignity
is burnt in napalm
and hand-held flame-throwers
the poor and underprivileged are raped and tormented
by leaders who use their power not to assist, but to oppress
at the wave of a gloved hand these people can, and do
send young men to their death, but not before others too
have fallen from their bayonets and guns!
such armies are invariably called 'peace keeping forces'
the hypocrisy is as appalling as it is obvious
the wealthy, educated
privileged and secure
make the lives of those less fortunate a complete misery
million upon millions of people are dying
from malnutrition
because, to stabilise their economies...
governments destroy food rather than giving it to the needy!
"let them eat cake" said marie antoinette
as she wiped the calf's blood from her lips
"proud to be british" said margaret thatcher
as she wiped the falkland's blood from her hands
the ruling elite have no concept of what it is to suffer want
yet it is they who are directly responsible
in a world where there are people who can't afford a crust of bread
these arrogant scabs drive around in bentleys and rolls royces
perhaps it amuses them to rub shit into the faces of the poor
but there'll come a time when such overt displays of wealth
will not be tolerated by the people in the street
in a sane society wealth and possession would not be an asset
a few years ago a politician was on the radio
saying that no one in the uk suffered from want
next day i saw an old man pleading for a handful of coal:
his wife was dying of cold and he was penniless
maybe in the morning, as the politician sipped breakfast tea
she lay cold and dead before the empty grate
every year thousand of people die of hypothermia
too hungry, too cold
too poor to stay alive
at times of national crisis it's always the poor who suffer
"back britain" we're told
as the rich get richer and the poor get poorer
at times of international crisis it's the same story
"back britain" we're told
as the rich get richer and the poor get killed
in the event of a nuclear crisis
the rich will retreat to private bunkers with their wealth and possessions

the injustice of inequality is sanctioned by the church
with its tradition of finance from the gentry
the church has always been obliged
to ensure that its flock remains servile
"repent ye sinners or be devoured in the flames of hell."
those very same flames that devoured their enemies in countless religious wars

so often the church has marched hand in hand with the military
casting its blessings upon the writhing bodies of the battlefield
each stab of bayonet is god's word
each crash of steel is god's word
each torn limb and splash of blood is god's word
for he so loved the world he gave our only begotten sons
each sodden grave and sodding death is god's word
for he so loved the world he gave our only begotten sons
for he so loved the world he gave our only begotten sons

in christian societies executions are attended by representatives of the church
goggle-eyed before the gallows, the electric chair and the gas-chamber
they administer their christ's blessing
in america poison is injected into the blood-stream
another christ dies, jacked up by the state
another glorious advance for civilization
one small step for man
one giant step for mankind
for he so loved the world
he gave us his only begotten son
and likewise we are expected so to do
for he so loved the world

violent, vicious hypocrisy
how is anyone supposed to deal with these contradictions
confusions and lies?
they defy reason!
oh yes, you can inwardly laugh at the absurdity
satirise the obscenity, but the hysteria soon wears thin
and the tears wear a colder complexion
humor can offer diversion
but it dilutes real anger
and nothing gets confronted
we are ruled by dangerous mad-people
what's funny about that for fucks sake?
the world is daily threatened with annihilation
is that really something to be trivialized?
the world is under constant threat
against this background of fear
we struggle to create our own authority
while being bludgeoned into conformity
we struggle to find our inner selves
of course i feel uncomfortable when i'm laughed at in the streets
but i don't want to be one of them
i want to be an outsider
at the same time i'd like to come in out of the cold

urgency overrules personal fears
against the scenario of total destruction
we demand a sanity that might save the world
that alone excludes us from the mainstream of thought
history offers no solutions
quotes from mao or stalin, hitler or marx
simply confirms the oppression
i'm tired of political experts
tired of 'if onlys'
they have always been the same people
grey visionless robots
who would have us all share their death
history is simply a justification for oppression
written by those who practice it
it is being constantly changed and rewritten
to conform to the requirements of the ruling elite
a tempest of convenience that blasts across the blistered bodies of the dead
we receive at best only filtered truths
most of what we see and hear is lies

the falklands war was rewritten as it happened
it was not a glorious victory for the british spirit
nor an heroic defeat of a fascist dictator
it was a callous and savage piece of electioneering
designed to cover up horrific domestic problems
at a time when a peaceful settlement was a possibility
thatcher personally ordered the sinking of the general belgrado
killing over three hundred men
and horribly mutilating many more!
she did this because her political neck required bloodshed
to prove her wisdom in releasing the task force
the history books will not document her as a cold-blooded murderer!

i'm tired of the dull rationalization of the politicians
weighed down with their sums and inadequacies
i feel only anger and bellied hatred for them
how can anyone become so distorted?
how can anyone be so far from real human values?
i feel only disgust for their twisted minds
how can peace be achieved through threats of violence?
what kind of hope is there in that strait-jacket?

the authority of those who oppress us
is supported, maintained and defended
by those who are themselves the most oppressed;
those who, because they have no alternative, are in service to the rulers

how can i feel anger towards the squaddy?
weighed down with his guns and inadequacies
i can feel only pity and bellied compassion
how can anyone be so distorted?
how can anyone be so far from real human values?
i can only feel pity for his twisted mind
how can freedom be achieved if the poor fight to uphold
the privileges of those who directly oppress them?

we look through one eye hoping the other won't see
that way we only need deal with a half of it
like bloody ostriches, oblivious
not because we are, but because we choose to be
most people see through the lies
but are too afraid to admit it
it's so much easier to be the passive observer
how much longer can people afford to just sit by like this?
all the indications are there
massive unemployment, recession, depression
but who's looking? who cares?
tamely the population is being led down the road to total bondage
government is daily strengthening its powers
those who stand against it are ridiculed, discredited or abused and punished
those in power are totally cynical
rather than analysing the seriousness of the problem
they simply strengthen the army and police to combat it
they are ready for the inevitable response
it happened in brixton, toxteth and moss side
it happens daily in northern ireland
under thatcher's regime there has been massive increases in police brutality
in london police shot down a man
only to find it was the wrong person
we regret to inform you
regret to inform you
regret to inform you
we regret to inform you...
that today another christ was shot in the back of the head
we regret to inform you
regret to inform you
that another christ, not yet ten years old, was shot today
by agents of her majesty's government, with a plastic bullet
they say that plastic bullets were designed not to kill
they do
i say that human beings were not designed to kill, not us, not me;
we do
we regret to inform you

1984 is a book about the positive danger of totalitarianism
under thatcher's unfeeling guidance the scenario is one year early
with the cold mechanism of the pin ball arcade
we're flicked around as numbers by the hidden computers
software in the hardware
documented and filed
we have no access to the information that they have stored on us
ticker-tape alter egos, print-out portraits
we are becoming another
as individuals within that mechanical system we are arbitrary
wanted only for what can be taken from us
our future is of no concern to the mega-corporations
who determine the nature of our economic well-being
thatcher's policies require massive unemployment
which makes her order to 'support our boys' nothing but a fucking insult
when they were eight thousand miles away dying for her arrogance
she fabricated what was a complete mockery of compassion
when they're at home, jobless on the streets
she doesn't give a fuck for them
self determination and self enterprise are her big lines
but just how much of that does she offer to others
in her contemptible use of people?
she was prepared to risk world peace
saying that it was for the self determination of the falklanders
those very same people who over a year ago
she was prepared to abandon without a thought
and now, for all her empty talk
they are forced to live in a fortress waiting for further hostilities
thatcher has recently sanctioned a loan of one hundred million pounds to argentina
claiming that it was to stabilize world economy
the purchase of further exocets and the development of nuclear potential
should do much for world economy, but very little for world security
just what the fuck was all that bloodshed for?

thatcher has signed away british self-determination in one single stroke
she has agreed to install deadly cruise missiles on british soil
over which the americans have total control
the american military presence is designed solely
to limit nuclear war with russia to the 'european theater'
meanwhile we are sold the wicked lie of protection and deterrence
american war planners have repeatedly stated that they intend
to fight the third world war on european soil
cruise missiles greatly increase the danger of that happening
designed to avoid radar detection by skimming the earth's surface
cruise missiles are seen as the ideal 'first strike weapon'
they also guarantee a massive response that would make britain into a nuclear desert
military naivety is astounding. the experts seriously believe
that they will be able to limit war to the 'theater'
in this particular show the world will be the stage
there'll be no encore

thatcher and her cronies talk of 'limited tactical response'
and 'executive action' causing 'collateral damage'
these terms are borrowed from their american counterparts
and are designed to mask the ugly reality that they describe
in everyday language 'collateral damage' simply means civilian deaths
in the event of nuclear attack on britain
that would amount to thirty-eight million people
is it any wonder that these crazy psychotics
invent jargon to assist them in their studied madness?
every year hundreds of innocent people still die horrific deaths
as a result of the bombs dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki
it is probably that an all out nuclear war
would destroy all life on planet earth

we are not talking fantasy
nor preaching doom
we are talking of an existing reality;
the one that we allow to exist around us

defence secretary heseltine disputes the kind of information that we offer
claiming that it has 'no basis in fact'
there are no words to describe the utter contempt
that we feel for people of his kind
they sit in their seats of power
distorting and perverting all human decency
how can they dare be so blatant?
how can they dare be so hypocritical?
who is this heseltine with his corrupt lies?
who is this thatcher with her arrogant deceit?
these hideous mutants cast their shadows
across all that is worthwhile and good

cruise missile will be installed because thatcher has created some kind of deal with reagan
we will probably never know
the details of that arrangement
it will almost certainly involve some kind of economic juggling act
the massive corporations turning political thumbscrews
on u.s. investment in britain
russian tanks in afghanistan are nothing
compared with the bargaining power of american capital in the uk
whatever the nature of that deal is
it has made britain into america's front line
the fifty-third state, with no rights of citizenship
to many people that might not matter
fed from birth on american propaganda and hollywood trash
the resistance levels are low
as long as we passively accept american domination
we can except no real advance
we are being sold down the line!!

to many people the missiles and warheads might not matter
to many people nuclear reality is too huge to contemplate
yet for all people the reality looms constantly in nightmares
in the nuclear state we are expected to accept those nightmares
is this really all that we can hope for as life?
is this really all that we can hope for as death?
maybe our lives don't matter that much
but why impose our madness on future generations?
or is it perhaps that you no longer believe that there will be future generations?
in your passive acceptance of it
you have already allowed the holocaust to happen
the future is ended!

we are not talking fantasy
nor preaching doom
we are talking of an existing reality
the one that we allow to exist around us

the nuclear hardware produces in the last three decades
will pollute the earth for thousands of years
a nuclear war will destroy it!
is that why the cherry trees blossom?
you are destroying and corrupting!
in condemning them to the nuclear nightmare
are you willing to accept the burning of tomorrow's unborn?
they know nothing of this sorrow!!

suffer little children to come unto me
suffer little children to come unto me
suffer little children to come unto me
suffer little children to come unto me

in your refusal to act against these hideous dangers
you are guilty of being the gutless passive observer
are you so inhuman that you will let this happen?
just a helpless bystander waving your flag in mute acceptance?
take up your eyes and see!
take up your ears and hear!
take up your mind and think!
take up your life and act!

it is up to us all as responsible citizens of earth
to work towards the downfall of the powerful elite
their rule has created dreadful suffering!
their insanity precludes all reason and compassion!
they lie, trick and manipulate!
they are the maggots in the flesh of decency
the vultures that pick at the bones of hope
the carriers of famine, war, pestilence, and death

they must be stopped!
why should people die for their insanity?
why should people starve for their insanity?
why should people suffer the spitefulness of their greed?
we must not be intimidated by the authority that they appear to have
we must be prepared to oppose them on every level
to fight back in the knowledge that if we don't
we will have failed in our responsibility to life itself
it has happened before that the powerless have risen against the oppressor
only to be beaten back!
but there have been cases where they have succeeded:
ours is a just cause
it is up to each one of us, alone, to do our best
we must learn to overcome our fears!
we must realize that the strength that they have
is the strength that we give them!
it is you, the passive observer who has given them this power!
you are being used and abused
and will be discarded as soon as they've bled what they want from you!
you must learn to live with your own conscience
your own morality
your own decision
your own self!
you alone can do it:
there is no authority but yourself


"one squaddy, horrifically burnt in the falklands war, was approached by prince charles during a presentation
'get well soon' said the prince, to witch the squaddy replied
'yes sir, i will'."
your tactile eyes is running over glossy paper
printed on with tactile lies of glaze and gause
they say, "forget yourself, adorn with this disguise"
this womanhood of smooth and tampered whores
let me warn you of their cold sensitivity
they'll have you gathered in a trap of glass
is your reflection all that you will recognise?
that cruel lie will stare you in the face
wrapped up in haze and flow of bridal gown
they tell your lover he must hold a gun
you're the pornographic reassurance he's a man
they deal with flesh, incarcerate with rags
red lips, shimmer-silk and body-bags
hairless legs against the blistered napalms burn
i want to rape the substance of your downy hair
in that mist a gutted child fights for air
against the fragile, mashed and sweaty wound
your facile beauty has an outrageous sound
like a glamour billboard on a battlefield
at least the blood-red poppy was of nature will
that flower perfecting by the barbed wire fence
must be insulted by your scented poor pretence
just as i, who finds it hard to touch you now
you traumatise my love with needle doubts
i want so gently to remove your mask
it's hard enough to find water here
in this barrenness of dishonesty and fear
without you accepting poison in a pretty pill
your bondages of silky robes and lace
are the bandages on a bullet punctured corpses
the layers of precious imitation worn
are the layers of history to suffocate the unborn
poison, poison, poison, poison
poison, poison, poison, poison
poison in a pretty pill
poison in a pretty pill
poison in a pretty pill, etc...
berkertex bride, oh, berkertex bride...
berkertex bride, oh, berkertex bride...
berkertex bride, oh, berkertex bride...
berkertex bride, oh, berkertex bride...
the object, unsoiled, is packed, ready and waiting
for the moment of truth in this spiritual mating
the object, unsoiled, is packed, ready and waiting
to be owned, cherished, to be fucked for the naming
the public are shocked by the state of society
but as for you, you're a breath of purity
well, don't give me your morals! they're filth in my eyes!
you can pack them away with the rest of your lies
your painted mask of ugly perfection
the ring on your finger, the sign of protection
is the rape on page 3, is the soldier's obsession
how well you've been caught to support your oppression:
one god!
one church!
one husband...
one wife!
sordid sequences in brilliant life!
supports, and props, and punctuation
to our flowing realities and realisations
we're talking with words that have been used before
to describe us as goddesses, mothers and whores
describe us as women, to describe us as men
set out the rules of this ludicrous game
and then it's played very carefully, a delicate balance;
a masculine/feminine perfect alliance
does the winner take all? what love in your grasping?
what vision is left, and is anyone asking?
what vision is left, and is anyone asking?
oh, berkertex bribe! berkertex bribe, berkertex bribe!
berkertex bribe, oh, berkertex bribe! ber-ber-ber, berkertex bribe!
berkertex bribe, oh, berkertex bribe! ber-ber-ber-ber, berkertex bribe!
berkertex bribe, berkertex bribe! ber-ber-ber-ber, berkertex bribe!
berkertex bribe, oh, berkertex bribe! ber-ber-ber-ber, berkertex bribe!
berkertex bribe, oh, berkertex bribe. bri-bri-bri-bri-bribe
bri-bri-bri-bri-bribe
bribe, bribe, bribe...
bribe...
bribe!
bribe!
bribe!
mother? (x20)
she's the anti mother, mother is that you?
she's the anti mother, mother, mother is that you?
it's myra hindley on the cover
your very own sweet anti mother
there she is on the pages the star
ain't that just the place you wish you were?
let her rot in hell is what you said
let her rot, let her starve, you'd see her dead
let her out but don't forget to tell you where she is
the chance to screw her is a chance you wouldn't miss
let her suffer, give her pain is the verdict you gave
you just can't wait piss on her grave
you pretend that you're horrified, make out that you care
but really you wish that you had been there
you say you can't bear the thought of what she did
but you'd it to her, you'd see her dead
tell me, what is the difference between her and you?
you say that you would kill her, well, what else would you do?
don't you see that violence has no end? isn't limited by rules?
don't you see as angel preaching you're nothing but the fools?
fools step in, where angels fear to tread
you see, to kill others is the ethic of the dead
she's the anti mother, mother is that you?
she's the anti mother, mother, mother is that you?
that single mug shot from the past ensures your fantasy can last and last
it gives you the chance to air your hate because she got there first, you were too late
hindleys' crime was to do what others think
took her anger and her prejudice and pushed it to the brink
then you goodly christian people, with your sickly mask of love
would tear that woman limb from limb, you never get enough
so you keep the story alive, so you can make yourselves believe
that you are so much better than her
but you aren't, that's your guilt laying there
she's the anti mother, mother is that you?
she's the anti mother, mother, mother is that you?
she's the anti mother, mother is that you?
she's the anti mother, mother, mother is that you?
mother
i am a product
i am a symbol of endless, hopeless, fruitless, aimless games
i'm a glossy packages on the supermarket shelf
my contents aren't fit for human consumption
i could tragically injure your perfect health
my ingredients will seize up your body function
i'm the dirt that everyone walks on
i am the orphan nobody wants
i am the staircarpet everyone walks on
i am the leper nobody wants to touch...
much
i am a sample
i am a scapegoat of useless, futureless, endless, mindless ideas
i'm a number on the paper you file away
i'm a portfolio you stick in the drawer
i'm the fool you try to scare when you say
"we know all about you, of that you can be sure"
well, i don't want your crazy system
i don't want to be on your files
your temptations i try to resist them
cos i know what hides beneath your smiles, it's...
est
i am a topic
i am subject a for useless, futureless, endless, mindless debates
you think up ways that you can hide
from the nave eyes of your figurehead
but don't you find that it ain't easy?
wouldn't you love to see me dead?
your answer is to give me treatment
for crying out when you give me pain
leave me with no possible remnant
you poke your knives into my brain, you send me...
insane
i am an example
i'm no hero of the great, intelligent, magnificent human race
i'm part of the race that kills for possessions
part of the race that's wiping itself out
i'm part of the race that's got crazy obsessions
like locking people up, not letting them out
i hate the living dead and their work in factories
they go like sheep to their production lines
they live on illusions, don't face the realities
all they live for is that big blue sign, it says, it says ford
i'm bored
bored
bored
bored
i hate my school
my teachers insane
the kids are all fools
and the worlds down the drain
why dont you all leave me alone?
all i wanna do is go home
why dont you all leave me alone?
all i wanna do is go home
feedin' my brain
i feel like i been hit
i cant take the strain
so maybe ill quit
why dont you all leave me alone?
all i wanna do is go home
why dont you all leave me alone?
all i wanna do is go home
why dont you all leave me alone?
all i wanna do is go home
why dont you all leave me alone?
all i wanna do is go home
people try to tell me
what they think is right for me
think there's some value
to what they got to say
but i won't listen to them
i don't need their advice
i wouldn't ever have it
any other fucking way
 x4
can't tell no one
what to do

rules are made for idiots
people that can't think
i'm treated like i don't
have a mind of my own
stupid fucking idiots
with stupid fucking ideals
when will they ever
fucking leave me alone
 x4

 x41
you try to make things work and gain something
it's all no use, it's all worth nothing
complete satisfaction, too impossible to believe
nothing's ever fucking gonna work for me
tomorrow seems so hopeless
can't keep it off my mind
another day of nothing
i'm running out of time
i've got nothing i can look forward to
i'm always left with nothing
i'm always told things i don't want to hear
my destiny's become quite clear
life's never fucking given nothing to me
it's just stood by and watched me bleed
nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing1
we won't take any shit and we're not about to leave
just cause you don't like who and what we want to be
who are you to say what's wrong what's right
if it's what it takes, we're ready to fight
ready to fight, ready to fight
ready to fight, fight, fight, fight, fight
you made your choice
now there's no turning back
wasting your time
but you just won't face the facts
why fool yourself
that you're having fun
when you had your second thoughts
why didn't you fucking run
tied down
you're on a fucking leash
tied down
you'll never be released
tied down
you wanted it that way
tied down
now there's nothing you can say
now you lost yourself
and you got nowhere to go
i can only see
you're not the one i used to know
no time left for yourself
because commitments that you've made
now it's gonna haunt you
till your fucking dying day
you'll never change just stay the same
play the same old fucking game
won't let go of yesterday
cause you're not ready to accept a
negative approach - negative approach
risks you take are calculated
thoughts you think are all outdated
you've done nothing but make me laugh
cause you're not ready to accept a
negative approach - negative approach
why don't you give me a fucking break
one look at you tells me you're fake
you've copied every fucking thing that you do
so god damned worried who's looking at you
is it just a passing phase
or just another fashion craze
you fool no one but yourself
you're in need of fucking help
why be something that you're not
why be something that you're not
why be something why be something
why be something that you're not1
don't ask me stupid questions
i don't have the answers to
don't tell me about your problems
cause i'll just ignore you
sick of talk
i'm sick of talk
don't talk to me at all
sick of talk
i'm sick of talk
don't talk to me at all
you bore the shit right out of me
all the things you say you do
not the least bit interested
don't wanna have to listen to you1
you've given me a set of rules
and you don't seem to care
you've given me a challenge
but i'll never take the dare
i can't believe
i can't believe in you
you tell me of a better way
i think you're full of shit
you've limited my actions
you're just a hypocrite
i can't believe
i can't believe in you
never could believe in you
although you wish i could
but you just keep on telling me
that i really could
all your fucking pressure
it's pounding on my head
all your fucking pressure
when will it ever end
one moment you agree
with everything i say
seemingly honest
you're never in the way
how could i have thought
when i'm not around
the shit you say about me
stories well thought out
it's when i turn my back
you're ready to attack
a verbal abuse
is what you choose to use
you must hold a grudge
against the things i do
why don't you admit it
stand up and face the truth
always darkest before the dawn
but we will win and take it all
what we want is what we say
and nothing will stand in our way
we won't give up to make things right
if you're in our way you'll have to fight
we won't take any more abuse
we'll take revenge for what you do
we want our lives
we want our brains
you want control
but we won't pay
we want a fight
to have a chance
to change the future
erase the past
you ask me why do i hate
how much more can i fucking take
very soon we'll take over
then you better run for cover
you laugh at us from behind our backs
just fucking wait till we attack
you type is someone we despise
watch the slaughter from where you hide
they say that life goes on
but not without a catch
she still don't know how she
got in this mess
where was religion
to help her out
thought it would seal her fate
without a shadow of a doubt
just when you think you got it all figured out
you got a deadstop in your life
never thought it could happen to you
another deadstop serves you right
he had his hopes set high
but nothing lasts forever
we watched it all
as it just severed
it was his stubborn fault
it was all we could stand
he let it all slip through
the palms of his hands
just when you think you got it all figured out
you got a deadstop in your life
never thought it could happen to you
another deadstop serves you right
can't accept me for what i am
they'll do whatever they fucking can
to make life hell for me destroy what i believe
they don't give a shit what they do
they try to stop me
whatever i do
they try to stop me
whatever i do
it means nothing to them
they'll do whatever they fucking can
to make life hell for me destroy what i believe
they don't give a shit what they do
conditions are getting worse
and there's nothing left i can do
gonna leave while i can
i'm gonna with or without you
it never used to be like this before
but it's something i just can't ignore
i'm gonna leave before it's too late
erase my presence - evacuate
i've had it up to here with lies
i gotta make different plans
i'm already rotting inside
seems like you'll never understand
it never used to be like this before
but it's something i just can't ignore
i'm gonna leave before it's too late
erase my presence - evacuate
i can't take this pressure, pressure, pressure, pressure

too many things are too extreme
there's too much shit, too many schemes
it never makes sense, it's just a hype
forget about it, live your own life

pressure, pressure, pressure, pressure1
took one route
it wasn't yours
wanted truth
nothing more
live your life for you
learned what's right
you know it now
need no one
to tell you how
if you don't
live your life for you
you've got nothing but to lose
if you don't
live your life for you
you've got nothing but
nothing, but to
lose
lose
one - two - three - go
i've got an ego
it won't let me go
what am i gonna do?
a - b - c - d
paranoia's killing me
i'm dying on my aching feet
what a way to go
roll up - roll up
people always stroll up
say "why don't you grow up?"
no thank you!
big cats, small cats
some cats are fat cats
those cats are bad cats
what we gonna do?
there's an awful lot of people in the world today
there's an awful lot of trouble in the streets these days
and it doesn't seem to matter what you do or say
if a change is gonna come you've got to help it on its way
a change is gonna come before too long i know
peace has gotta come, well, i could be wrong i know
but i just don't know what i can do
you don't trust me and i don't trust you
i bet you wish you did and i know i do
why have you got secrets? cause i know you have
if you've got something to hide then it must be bad
a change is gonna come before too long i know
peace has gotta come, well, i could be wrong i know
but i just don't know what i can do
you don't trust me and i don't trust you
i bet you wish you did and i know i do
why have you got secrets? cause i know you have
if you've got something to hide then it must be bad
a change is gonna come before too long i know
peace has gotta come, well, i could be wrong i know
but i just don't know what i can do1
i look out the window and i wonder at it all
staring at the symbols that decorate the wall
and everybody's calling to come and join them all
but i can't go with no one till i understand the call
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i want
i want some demystification
i want some demystification
i want some demystification about what's going on
my electronic shaver won't plug into the wall
now i can't go to the party the electrician didn't call
and i hear they're counting numbers in a store down in whitehall
so much information what can they do with it all?
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i want
i want some demystification
i want some demystification
i want some demystification about what's going on
some people talk of shiva and some they talk of god
some talk of politicians and some they talk of love
demystify their heroes with the chances we could take
i'm not looking for escapism i just want to escape
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i want
i want some demystification
i want some demystification
i want some demystification about what's going on
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i
don't come round for me unless you've got what i want
i want some demystification
i want some demystification
i want some demystification about what's going on
i want some demystification
i want some demystification
i want some demystification about what's going on
who was that on the window ledge?
did he jump or was he pushed?
he left a note which no one read
in desperate hand the note just said
"never turn my back on society
society turn is back on me
never tried once to drop out
i just couldn't get in from the start."
the children all played clever games
the grown-ups gave them clever names
turned them all from very young
on to the drug competition
feed them t.v. everyday
teach them just how they should play
for the ones that start to stray
cut them off till they obey
our little friend was not the type
to want to have to stand and fight
bully boys all could pick
upon the lonely little kid
the grown ups all looked hard and long
said "he's got two feet he can stand on"
we never like the sickly ones
the boisterous ones are much more fun
he found it hard to socialize
cause when he laughed or want he cried
in the wrong place he'd be chastised
an idiot to be despised
never learnt to play the game the way
that your supposed to play
never learnt the things to say
or lock emotion safe away
who was that on the window ledge?
did he jump or was he pushed?
he left a note which no one read
in desperate hand the note just said:
"never turn my back on society
society turn is back on me
all the world can not be wrong
it must be me i don't belong."
"all the world can not be wrong
it must be me i don't belong"
"all the world can not be wrong
it must be me i don't belong"
"all the world can not be wrong
it must be me i don't belong"
"all the world can not be wrong
it must be me i don't belong"
the unfree child is full of woe
into the unfree adult he will grow
have unfree children of is own
on and on and so it goes
take your hands from off your genitals
eat those greens and grow up strong
don't piss yourself it's very naughty
stephen, stephen don't you shine
don't speak now we are talking
not a word less you disgrace
there's people listening
don't embarrass us
and never let us catch you masturbate
when i was a baby my mummy told me
if i was a bad boy daddy would scold me
when i was a baby my mummy lectured
if i was a good boy i would be rewarded
mummy, daddy, what more would you expected
in your eyes i'm not to be respected
take you on but i'm just one reflection
of the values that you hold and the way you see them
my mummy's gone
to a place where i can't go
a place that's cloaked in thy mystery
of corporate identity
supermarkets and three pike suits
my mummy's gone
my mummy's gone
when i was a little girl my mummy told me
had to make an effort to make myself pretty
got to get a husband, got to have a baby
got to be a credit to the rest of the family
mummy, daddy, what more would you expected
in your eyes i'm not to be respected
take you on but i'm just one reflection
of the values that you hold and the way you see them
my mummy's gone
to a place where i can't go
a place that's cloaked in thy mystery
of corporate identity
supermarkets and three pike suits
my mummy's gone
my mummy's gone
now that i'm older, i know that you scared me
but i don't hold it against you, though it damage me sorley
i know you're a victim just just like me
you can feel the pressure just just like me
mummy, daddy, what more would you expected
in your eyes i'm not to be respected
take you on but i'm just one reflection
of the values that you hold and the way you see them
my mummy's gone
to a place where i can't go
a place that's cloaked in thy mystery
of corporate identity
supermarkets and three pike suits
my mummy's gone
my mummy's gone1
war - war - war - war
there's war in afghanistan
and war in northern ireland
and war in south america
and war in africa
and war - violence
war - oppression
there's violence in london
and violence in bristol
and violence in new york
and violence in moscow
and war - violence
war - oppression
there's war in heaven
unrest on earth
and war in my head
and war in my house
and war - war - war - war
sing a song of violence and listen for the sound
all the little soldiers start to come around
start it with a rumour, a whisper in an ear
suspicion don't take very long before it turns to fear
??? said i need a reason, made of up and low ???
??? feel what they're fighting, just tell them where to go ???
give the chance of glory, give the chance of fame
give the boy an enemy, give the dog a name
keep the factions fighting, start them off the school
keep the factions fighting so you divide and rule
football teams are splendid and fashion just a tool
keep the factions fighting so you divide and rule
fear can be a bum thing
a silly and a dumb thing
fear can be the one thing
that keeps us all apart
frightened of the humans and frightened of their stares
frightened of the poisons they pump into the air
frightened of the chemicals they spray upon the land
frightened of the power they hold within their hands
frightened of bureaucracy and frightened of the law
frightened of the government and who it's working for
frightened of the children who won't know who to cope
with a world in rack and ruin from their technocratic dope, dope, dope
fear can be a bum thing
a silly and a dumb thing
fear can be the one thing
that keeps us in the dark
frightened of the humans, frightened of their stares
frightened of the poisons pumped into the air
frightened of the chemicals they spray upon the land
frightened of the power they hold within their hands
frightened of bureaucracy and frightened of the law
frightened of the government and who it's working for
frightened of the children who won't know who to cope
with a world in rack and ruin from their technocratic dope, dope, dope
fear can be a bum thing
a silly and a dumb thing
fear can be the one thing
that keeps us in the dark
fear can be a bum thing
a silly and a dumb thing
fear can be the one thing
that keeps us all apart
frightened of the humans, frightened of their stares
frightened of the poisons pumped into your air
frightened of the chemicals spayed upon my land
frightened of the power hold within their hands
frightened of bureaucracy, frightened of the law
frightened of the government who's actions lead to war
frightened of the children who won't know who to cope
with a world in rack and ruin from their technocratic dope, dope, dope
fear can be a bum thing
a silly and a dumb thing
fear can be the one thing
that keeps us in the dark
fear can be a bum thing
a silly and a dumb thing
fear can be the one thing
that keeps us all apart
this land is your land and this land is my land
from the dirty water of the river thames
to the rusting cranes of the tee another tyne
the land that's choking with wires and plugs
strangles with fences and stuck with knives
was this land made for you and me?
this town is your town and this town is my town
from the derelict slums that are dirty and grey
to the house on the hill in the private estate
the places nice kids would never go
to the places no-one else has the right to go
was this land made for you and me?
made for you and me
this street is your street and this street is my street
from the broken phone box where the gangs all meet
to the glass on the path that cuts your feet
to the neighboors next door who refuse to speak
??? to the cope in the hunter doing its bleak ???
was this land made for you and me?
it's your world too you can do what you want
it's your world too, it's your world too...
you're in the living room you're painting your nails
your mother says where did we go wrong
your father says don't be late home tonight
your brother wants you to get off the phone
the same old things day after day
the same old things the same old people say
how much longer must it go on this way
it looks as though nothing's ever gonna change
and it's just more trouble coming everyday
it's just more trouble coming everyday
and if things don't change i bet you'll scream
and then they'll just get worse
more trouble coming everyday
you'd go out dancing but the clubs are full
of people getting ready to fight
what's more none of your friends
are allowed to go down town tonight
the smell of burning gives you such a thrill
out with the old and in with the new
you don't wanna see anyone hurt
but you just gotta get out of this place
and it's just more trouble coming everyday
it's just more trouble coming everyday
and if things don't change i bet you'll scream
and then they'll just get worse
more trouble coming everyday
here it comes, here it comes,here it comes
here it comes, here it comes,here it comes
rain is floading, the pavement cracks
headlines screaming 'pay more tax'
a girl is crying as she misses her train
weather man is saying "just a little more rain"
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
glass is blowing, the wind don't care
it will blow on anything you leave down there
i just don't believe the price of things
weather man is saying "just a little more rain"
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
time runs quick like an enging train
someone's asking to increase some claim
if i had more hours i think i'd feel fine
weather man's saying "just a little more time"
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
time runs quick like an enging train
someone's asking to increase some claim
if i had more hours i think i'd feel fine
weather man's saying "just a little more time"
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
little bit more - little bit more
everybody's looking for a little bit more
i ear the buzzin' on the radio
i ear yet another song about
true love i wonder what it's all about
i'd like to taste a little bit of that
don't know if i've ever encountered it
it seems to hangs so many people up
sweet dreams are something that i never get
true love and what's it really all about
true love - true love - true love - true love
every newspaper that i pick up
have some ways to help me in my search
???
got to find a way to sell myself
one girl for everybody that's 21
one boy, that's the way it's always been
watch out if that's not who it is for you
some folks they find it hard to handle that
boys meets girls and girls meets boys
live through time, it says "enjoy"
but that's not who it looks to me
looks just like a drag to me
sometimes it seems just like adulterer
read in in someone's glossy magazines
about the love that is a special thing
??? ???
look twice, it's not such a funny thing
not just a ??? ??? wedding rings
can be a whole lot of ??? ??? things
can be of pettiness and jealousy
true love - what's it really all about
true love - what's it really all about
true love - what's it really all about
true love - what's it really all about
true love - true love - true love - true love
it's nineteen thirty-three
???
???
but she just wanna go
dancing, dancing
dancing, dancing
dancing, dancing
dancing, dancing
she walk the street by day
there's people all around
but she don't worry 'bout that
cause she was gone downtown
she's going dancing, dancing
making the noise
and dancing, dancing
girls and the boys
dancing, dancing
dancing, dancing
???
sweet mother germany
come to the cabaret
don't worry about history, history, history
dancing, dancing
girls and the boys
dancing, dancing
making the noise
and dancing, dancing
dancing, dancing
it's nineteen thirty-eight
sweet mother germany
it's seems so far away
and she will never be, never be, never be
dancing, dancing
the girls and the boys
dancing, dancing
making the noise
and dancing, dancing
dancing, dancing, dancing
never again, never again
never again, never again
never never never again
never never never again
never never never again
never never never again
never never never again
never
i am the great white hunter
and you know i've come to search
just to further human knowledge
all for science and research
and if by chance i bring back
what i am looking for
they'll be someone somewhere waiting
with their fingers round a purse
i am the missionary christian
i'm taking bibles to the blacks
oh i am spreading western culture
and i'm collecting all the tax
i'm taking whiskey to the natives
??? you'll see
oh 'cause a market's just a market
working for the bourgeoisie
but don't associate me with them no more
i may be the same color but i am sure
i'm not like them and i never will
condone the things they do and the reasons that they kill
well i will murder baby seals
and i'll sell their skins for gold
i'll murder injun's in the jungle
just to make way for a road
and i will fight guerrilla armies
all for profit, not for cause
i'll sell arms to rival armies
and make profit from their wars
but don't associate me with them no more
i may be the same color but i am sure
i'm not like that and i never will
condone the things they do and the reasons that they kill
oh well! i am the great white hunter
oh yes! i am the great exploiter
oh yes! i am the great destroyer
oh yes! i am the great white hunter
but don't associate me with them no more
i may be the same color but i am sure
i'm not like them and i never will
condone the things they do and the reasons that they kill
i was living rather quietly by my village in the trees
don't bother anybody and they don't bother me
i'm always kind to passers-by, i never make a fuss
considerate of my neighbours so they don't bother us
i don't mean to be unsociable but times my only wealth
so i continue to live quietly, keep myself unto myself
one day while feeling lonely i wandered in to town
to take a look and listen to what was going down
nothing seemed to change much, all looked just the same
so i went about my business till the sky began to rain, began to rain
i took shelter in a doorway and started to peruse
through a local paper to check up on the news
hit me like a hammer, the headline jump and screeched
my home was now a target for a missile from the east
the americans are coming, they're bringing us their bombs
to aim them at their enemies from our little island home
i don't want to die because of some mad presidents whim
i don't want to be a part of a war no one can win
you're welcome here americans
we love you but not your bombs
welcome here americans
we love you but not your bombs...
welcome here americans
we love you but not your bombs
and not your lies
you're welcome here!
--
oh! mr. disney where are you now?
will good over come evil the way that you tell?
oh! mr. disney where have you gone?
mickey's being threatened by a neutron bomb
oh! mr. disney what you gonna do?
film's no longer seem quite so red, white and blue
oh! mr. disney how does it seem?
your films are being shown in radiation green
radiation green, radiation green
radiation green, radiation green
radiation green, radiation green
black were the people in the country of biafra
on the continent of africa, where the sun beat down like fire
the people and their babies had teeth and mouths and bellys
like all people on the planet it was food that fueled their bellys
they worked and farmed and traded so that not a mouth went empty
for everyone was plenty when the wealth has shared out fairly
they were diligent and peaceful, quite content, resourceful
like all the people on the planet they had a fate most foul and dreadful
and black is the petrol that flows around in engines
transported very quickly to another destination
it's important, it's vital, it's the drug and we're the addicts
more and more and more must come to satisfy our habits
now people of the kingdom that have lakes of oil beneath them
if you look on maps of africa you won't find biafra on them
people of the kingdom that have lakes of oil beneath them
'f you look on maps of africa you won't find biafra on them
people of the kingdom that have lakes of oil beneath them
look on maps of africa you won't find biafra on them
who is gonna be one of the crowd
who is gonna be there shouting out loud
who is gonna be hanging around
cheering at a plan, someone's walking all around
not me - not me - not me - not me
not me - not me - not me - not me
who is gonna be one of the heard
sitting and standing at somebody's word
??? who is gonna be down in the squat ???
just cause someone else says you better be there
not me - not me - not me - not me
not me - not me - not me - not me
who is gonna be one of the crowd
sitting and standing and shouting out loud
who is gonna be lead round on a string
thinking what someone else told them to think
not me - not me - not me - not me
not me - not me - not me - not me
??? who is gonna be down in the squat ???
just cause someone else says you better be there
who is gonna be hanging around
cheering at a plan, someone's walking all around
not me - not me - not me - not me
not me - not me - not me - not me...
there's a new band every week
new ways to move your feet
new sounds to thrill your ears
same old chords dresses up weird
new attitudes, brand new stance
different steps but the same old dance
new ways but in the end
it's a new way to make you spend
the media cares cause the media knows
fashions comes and fashions go
last week trend is now passe
cause there's something better to buy today
you can buy something and leave it at that
but you go and try to take it back
they'll offer you nothing though it cost the earth
soon show you what they think your worth
and there's a new band every week
new ways to move your feet
new ways but in the end
it's a new way to make you spend
been searching for some thing but i don't know what, been searching for a long long time
then someone comes along and says "this is it", but it will cost you, realize
you pay your money, try your luck, think your trust them one more time
but how long does it take to feel your being ripped off, there's always something new buy
there's a new band every week
new ways to move your feet
new ways but in the end
it's a new way to make you spend
new band, it's a new band
new band, new band
kill a commie, kill a commie
i don't wanna die!
kill a commie, kill a commie
i don't wanna go to war!
kill a commie, kill a commie
before he kills you!
kill a commie, kill a commie
that's all i wanna do!
kill a commie, kill a commie
i don't wanna die!
kill a commie, kill a commie
i don't wanna go to war!
kill a commie, kill a commie
before he kills you!
kill a commie, kill a commie
that's all i wanna do!
kill a commie, kill a commie
i don't wanna die!
kill a commie, kill a commie
i don't wanna go to war!
kill a commie, kill a commie
before he kills you!
kill a commie, kill a commie
that's all we have to do!
gimme a line, gimme a line
gimme a line, gimme a line
we're gonna die when the sun comes up
we'll drink until we drop
my blood is 100 proof
we're gonna stumble, twist and crawl
99 bottles of beer on the wall
i'd rather drink than fuck
no doubt about it, i can't live without it
no doubt about it, i can't live without it
alcohol, alcohol
it is my destiny
you've got the beer, we've got the time
you've got the coke, gimme a line
no doubt about it, i can't live without it
no doubt about it, i can't live without it
alcohol
we're gonna die when the sun comes up
we'll drink until we drop
i'd rather drink than fuck
you've got the beer, we've got the time
you've got the coke, gimme a line
no doubt about it, i can't live without it
no doubt about it, i can't live without it
alcohol
another night out on the town
by my last call i'll be falling down
i drink budweiser religiously
get so f***ed up i can't even see
another wasted night
i'm on the ground
i'm called a disgrace to this town
another wasted night
i'm lost in all the friend
will this misery ever end
you don't even know
what you'll f***in get
i got the bottle and i can't put it down
while i go to play and rock in strange towns
gloria's trying to keep me awake
she want's to help but it's too late
another wasted night
i'm on the ground
busted to put me down
another wasted night
i'm lost in all the friend
will this misery ever end
you don't even know
what you'll f***in get
i'm in the dark, i'd like to read his mind
but i'm frightened of the things i might find
oh, there must be something he's thinking of
to tear him away-a-ay
when i tell him that i'm falling in love
why does he say-a-ay
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
uh-ah
i try so hard not to get upset
because i know all the trouble i'll get
oh, he tells me tears are something to hide
and something to fear-eh-eh
and i try so hard to keep it inside
so no one can hear
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
uh-ah
oh!
he wants me, but only part of the time
he wants me, if he can keep me in line
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
hush hush, shut up now, voices carry
hush hush, keep it down now, voices carry
hush hush, darling, she might overhear
hush, hush - voices carry
he said shut up - he said shut up
oh god can't you keep it down
voices carry
hush hush, voices carry
wake up at 7 am
time to go to work again
put up with the boss's shit
get more money or fuckin quit
this job sucks
it makes me money
but not enough
this job sucks
the rent is due
so i guess i'm stuck
this jobs sucks
sucks so much i wanna give it up
ready for retirement
saved half the money i spent
now looking for a better way
bring home an honest day's pay
this job sucks
it makes me money
but not enough
this job sucks
the rent is due
so i guess i'm stuck
this jobs sucks
sucks so much i wanna give it up
this job sucks
this job sucks
it sucks it sucks it sucks it sucks....
darling darling he needs to survive her
watches it all unravel
beat to death with a frying iron
he just sat right by her smiling
9-0 on the 19th hole
9-0 the deals been closed
9-0 on the 19th hole
i said 9-0
9-0 on the 19th hole
9-0 the deals been closed
9-0 on the 19th hole
i said 9-0
daytime crying draws a tear
cruises by like every one
standing around swinging the bat
give them one then take it back
9-0 on the 19th hole
9-0 the deals been closed
9-0 on the 19th hole
i said 9-0
it's all acquiring as many things as you can
and the more you get the less of a man
you become to all who stay around you
people are just dollars to you anymore
you think money - equals importance
you think money - measures success
you think money - validates your calloused conscience
your money doesn't mean a thing to me
what's it like to never relax
what's it like to fear an attack
by your 'friends' who think that you lack the new thing
that will make your life complete
all the people you've stepped upon
to look out across your big green lawn
to see your shiny new black car
you hear their screams
they're not very far away
death
no
war
no
there's a problem in the works
this thing's being run by jerks
who'll drain your blood into the soil
to keep from running out of oil
who'll gut you out from head to toe
just to keep a steady cash flow
who'll sever the limbs of a thousand men
to get the economy going again
when you're captain of the game
red and green must look the same
see the woman, feel her pain
her son is part of the new food chain
sins of fools, wages of war
sins of fools, wages of war
you're the one who's paying for
sins of fools, wages of war
you're the one who's dying for
sins of fools, wages of war
you're a statistic just one more
sins of fools, wages of war
there's a song inside of me
but it dosn't sound like reveille
try to confuse me but i see
who's the real enemy
i won't lose for their gain
won't be a victim of their pain
if they start this crazy crime
it might be the very last time
the oceans are boiling, the mountains are flat
try to make you oil fix that
see the woman, she feels no pain
she's waiting for the acid rain
twenty thousand should do the job
the faceless official said
peace force will keep peace in lebanon
dust in the streets clots red
morality was not discussed
thought all the points were throughly 'checked'
growing blind with desparation
the leaders don't see the population fade
she's so fulfilled
she's lonely all the time
she is living the good life
he's so successful
he's scared all the time
he is living the good life
they're so happy they're bored all the time
they're so happy they're mad all the time
they're so happy they want all the time
they're so happy they fight all the time
they're living the good life
i've seen the price of security
i've seen the cost of purity
i've seen too much the stage was my home
and home is where the heart is
it rends your heart and makes you old
it makes you try and fit a mold
it makes you do as you are told
against your will (dear mom and dad)
i've seen the price of securtiy (mother, father)
i've seen the cost of purity (father, mother)
i've seen too much, this play started at birth
and home is where the heart is (dear mom and dad)
my mother's hair is grey everywhere
my father's hair is grey everywhere
my father's life is grey everywhere
my mother's life is grey everywhere
feel the passion
and the potential too
have this be more than
just entertainment
make our scene
not a scene
make this scene
not a scene
make our scene
not a scene
make this scene
mean something
feel the passion
and the potential too
have this be more than
just entertainment
make our scene
(compassion, honor and honesty)
not a scene
make this scene
(compassion, honor and honesty)
not a scene
make our scene
(compassion, honor and honesty)
not a scene
make this scene
(compassion, honor and honesty)
mean something
economic genocide
trickle down is trickling on
the shanty drone and ghetto dawn
a military 'option' for the poor
pointed into a corner your guns are their door
trickle down is fallacy
only war jobs will save your economy
your forces lack the power to win a war
so build cannon fodder out of the poor
make the innocents fed on each other
make a good man turn on his brother
rape the family - crush good will
conditions decay until there's mercy in the killing
starve the poor, dangle their need
you must protect your bitter greed
recruit the desparate, cushion all blows
don't the desparate cushion all blows
trapped at the front with a loaded gun
now you have him under your thumb
trickle down has worked just right
the 'expendables' are fighting your fight
make the innocents feed on each other
make a good man turn on his brother
rape the family - crush good will
conditions decay until there's mercy in the killing
welfare shrinks and war funds grow
the cornered desparate will never know
that they're given a protest but not a voice
and the 'choice' they make is never their choice
the draft won't work on those who can see
but the poor will sign for opportunity
and the days keep going by
and i realize that i
say less and less the more i try
less and less the more i try
all i know is what i see (people don't care)
all i know is what i hear (there's too much hate)
all i know is what i feel (there's not enough love)
all i know is i know way too much
all i know is what i see (people won't share)
all i know is what i hear (there's too much greed)
all i know is what i feel (there's no honesty)
all i know is i know way too much
all i know is what i see (everybody's angry)
all i know is what i hear (money money money)
all i know is what i feel (the suffering won't stop)
all i know is i know way too much
all i know is what i see (there's gonna be a war!)
all i know is what i hear (there's not enough truth)
all i know is what i feel (there's no compassion)
all i know is i know way too much
i know way too much
i know way too much
my war, you're one of them
you say that you're my friend
but you're one of them
you don't wanna see me live
you don't want me to give
cause you're one of them
my war, you're one of them
you say that you're my friend
but you're one of them
them, them, them, them, them
yeah!

war, you're one of them
you say that you're my friend
but you're one of them
i might not know what a friend is
all i know is what you're not
cause you're one of them
them
my war, you're one of them
you say that you're my friend
but you're one of them
them, them, them, them, them
yeah!
you're one of them
this time, this time
this lie
my life, my death
i have a prediction; it lives in my brain
it's with me everyday; it drives me insane
i feel it in my heart, that if i had a gun
i feel it in my heart, i'd wanna kill some
i feel it in my heart, the end will come
come on
my war, you're one of them
you say that you're my friend
but you're one of them
them, them, them, them, them
tell me that i'm wrong
try to sing me your ego song
you're one of them
my war, you're one of them
you say that you're my friend
but you're one of them
them, them, them, them, them

you're one of them
you're one of them
i can't believe you
you're one of them
and you're one of them
and you're one of them
and you're one of them
one of them, them, them
them, them, them, them, them
my war!4
jealous cowards try to control
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
they distort what we say
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
try and stop what we do
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
when they can't do it themselves
rise above! we're gonna rise above!

we are tired of your abuse
try to stop us, it's no use

society's arms of control
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
think they're smart, can't think for themselves
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
laugh at us behind our backs
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
i find satisfaction in what they lack
rise above! we're gonna rise above!

we are tired of your abuse
try to stop us, it's no use
we are tired of your abuse
try to stop us, it's no use

we're born with a chance
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
i am gonna have my chance
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
we're born with a chance
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
and i am gonna have my chance
rise above! we're gonna rise above!

we are tired of your abuse
try to stop us it's no use

rise above! rise above!
rise above! we're gonna rise above!
we're gonna rise above! we're gonna rise above!5
i've got a six pack and nothing to do
i got a six pack and i don't need you

$35 and a six pack to my name
six pack!
spent the rest on beer so who's to blame
six pack!
they say i'm fucked up all the time
six pack!
when the dudes a waste of time
six pack!

i know it'll be ok
when i get a six pack in me
all right!

my girlfriend asked me
which one i like better
six pack!
i hope the answer won't upset her
(bitch)
six pack!
i was born with a bottle in my mouth
six pack!
now i've got six so i'll never run out
six pack!
i know it'll be ok
when i get a six pack in me
all right!

$35 and a six pack to my name
six pack!
spent the rest on beer so who's to blame
six pack!
they say i'm fucked up all the time
six pack!
what they do is a waste of time
six pack!
six pack! six pack! six pack!

what do they know about partying, or anything else
hey! where's the beer bong?
i need to get fucked!
tv party tonight!
tv party tonight!
tv party tonight!
tv party tonight!

we're gonna have a tv party tonight (alright!)
we're gonna have a tv party alright (tonight!)

we've got nothing better to do
than watch tv and have a couple of brews

everybody's gonna hang out here tonight (alright!)
we'll pass out on the couch alright (tonight!)

we've got nothing better to do
than watch tv and have a couple of brews

don't talk about anything else
we don't wanna know
we're dedicated
to our favorite shows
that's incredible!
hill street blues!
dallas!
fridays!

we sit glued to the tv set all night (and every night!)
why go into the outside world at all? (it's such a fright!)

we've got nothing better to do
than watch tv and have a couple of brews

tv news shows what it's really like out there (it's a scare!)
you can go out if you want (we wouldn't dare!)

we've got nothing better to do
than watch tv and have a couple of brews

don't talk about anything else
we don't wanna know
we're dedicated
to our favorite shows
saturday night live!
monday night football!
jeffersons!
vega$!

i wouldn't be without my tv for a day (or even a minute!)
i don't even bother to use my brain anymore (there's nothing left in it!)

we've got nothing better to do
than watch tv and have a couple of brews

hey, wait a minute! my tv set doesn't work (it's broken!)
what are we gonna do tonight, this isn't fair! (we're hurtin'!)

we've got nothing left to do
left with no tv and just a couple of brews

what are we gonna talk about?
i don't know!
we're gonna miss our favorite shows!
no that's incredible!
no monday night football!
no jeffersons!
no fridays!
no tv party tonight2
i'm about to have a nervous breakdown
my head really hurts
if i don't find a way out of here
i'm gonna go berserk
'cause i'm crazy and i'm hurt
head on my shoulders
it's going berserk
i hear the same old talk, talk, talk
the same old lines
don't do me that today
yeah, if you know what's good for you, you'll get out of my way
'cause i'm crazy and i'm hurt
head on my shoulders
going berserk
i won't apologize
for acting outta line
you see the way i am
you leave any time you can
'cause i'm crazy and i'm hurt
head on my shoulders
going berserk
crazy! crazy! crazy! crazy!
i don't care what you fuckin' do
i don't care what you fuckin' say
i'm so sick of everything
i just want to die!
we're gonna be a white minority
we won't listen to the majority
we're gonna feel inferiority
we're gonna be white minority
white pride: you're an american
i'm gonna hide
anywhere i can
gonna be a white minority
we don't believe there's a possibility
but you just wait and see
gonna be white minority
white pride: you're an american
i'm gonna hide
anywhere i can
gonna be a white minority
there's gonna be large casualties
if we don't find a new territory
we're all gonna die2
hey mama. come on, come on
i don't know
come on, come on. this is it
i
kinda got a boyfriend
no, no this is happening, this is the time, now
uh, oh, ok
alright, come on, go, go...

you're loose (slip it in)
put your brain in a noose (slip it in)
the next day you regret it (slip it in)
but, you're still loose

you say you don't want it
you don't want it
say you don't want it
then you slip it on in
(in, in, in)
you feel like a whore (slip it in)
but what you did the night before (slip it in)
you decided to be all loose (slip it in)
and go all crazy

in, yeah
you slip it in
you slip it in
you say you didn't think (slip it in)
you said you had too much to drink
(slip it in)
is it in the chemical? (slip it in)
or is it just some part of you?

(in, in, in)

you regret how you felt
(slip it in)
you felt it
(slip it in)
you decided to be all loose
(slip it in)
it's what you choose

you slip it in
you slip it in
alright hey hey
you say you got a boyfriend (slip it in)
but you're hinting at my friends
(slip it in)
and everybody else's friend (slip it in)
you're not loose, you're wide open

(in, in, in)

you're getting around (slip it in)
i'm not putting it down (slip it in)
it's just what it is (slip it in)
getting it while it's around

(in, in, in)

you slip it in
you slip it in
mount up!2
right here, all by myself
i ain't got no one else
the situation is bleeding me
there's no relief for a person like me

depression's got a hold of me
depression, i gotta break free
depression's got a hold on me
depression's gonna kill me

i ain't got no friends to call my own
i just sit here all alone
there's no girls that want to touch me
i don't need your goddamn sympathy

depression's got a hold of me
depression, i gotta break free
depression's got a hold on me
depression's gonna kill me

everybody just get away
i'm gonna boil over inside today
they say things are gonna get better
all i know is they fuckin' better
depression's got a hold of me
depression, i gotta break free
depression's got a hold on me
depression's gonna kill me
depression's got a hold of me
depression, i gotta break free
depression's got a hold on me
depression's gonna kill me
this fucking city
is run by pigs
they take the rights away
from all the kids

understand we're fighting a war we can't win
they hate us, we hate them
we can't win, no way

walking down the street
i flip them off
they hit me across the head with a billy club

understand we're fighting a war we can't win
they hate us, we hate them
we can't win, no way

nothing i do
nothing i say
i tell them to go get fucked
they put me away
understand we're fighting a war we can't win
they hate us, we hate them
we can't win, no way

no fuckin' way
motherfuckers gonna pay
motherfuckers gonna pay

i go to court for my crime
stand in line, pay bail
i may serve time

understand we're fighting a war we can't win
they hate us, we hate them
we can't win, no way2
who are you with? where have you been
imagination streams thoughts, reason can't come in
staring at the walls, i think i know what i see
anger and coffee, feeding me

drinkin' black coffee, black coffee
drinkin' black coffee, starin' at the walls
black coffee, black coffee, black coffee
starin' at the walls, black coffee
drinkin' black coffee, drinkin' black coffee
starin' at the
stab through my heart
stab through my heart
stab through my heart

but it's all in my mind, mind, mind, mind
it's just in my mind
it's just in my mind
yeah!

my heart is pounding as i stare at the wall
it's my turn to be jealous; now, i don't stand so tall
in fact, i'm pretty stupid; i'm feelin' small
anger and coffee, feeding me
drinkin' black coffee, black coffee
drinkin' black coffee, starin' at the walls
black coffee, black coffee, black coffee
starin' at the walls, black coffee
drinkin' black coffee, drinkin' black coffee
starin' at the
stab through my heart
stab through my heart
stab through my heart

as the night goes on, paranoia engulfs me
why should i be so stupid when i can't really see
the other side of the wall is eating away at me
anger and coffee, feeding me

drinkin' black coffee, black coffee
drinkin' black coffee, starin' at the walls
black coffee, black coffee, black coffee
starin' at the walls, black coffee
drinkin' black coffee, drinkin' black coffee
starin' at the
stab through my heart
stab through my heart
stab through my heart1
my name's henry
and you're here with me now
my life
it's a song daaahh
it's so you won't even let it happen
you won't
you won't let
damaged
by attacks
i'm evil attacking my mind
but you don't mind
cause this scheduled 13
you just sit, down
buy the ticket
wait your turn
waaaaahhhhahahaha
wooaharhhhhhhhhahh
aaghhhhhhhh
waaaaaghghhh
aaghhhhhhhh
can't feel another day
can't get past you
i can't see nothin'
i'm blind
i'm blind
i'm blind
hold out your hand to me
give me your hand
..and i'll bite it off
damaged!
damaged!
damaged!
hrraagh!
i...
i don't even care about self-destruction anymore
what's the use?
i just sit at home alone
cold fingers, gold fingers, in a cold sweat
and then i remember
i remember a day
we'd go for a ride in the country
and you'd say..
sing it boy
do it again
do it again
yes sir
yes sir
yes sir
yes sir oh yes sir yes sir yes
arghh
right now look at me now
look at me now
just shadows
i'm just shadows of what i was
i just want another thing
i couldn't even get by for that
how much is that to ask for?
how- how much?
damaged
oh waawhhh
i, i'm sorry my friend, i guess i just can't
lesson other thing nice
it's nice and cool around here
it's nice
it's my mind
it's my mind that's off guard
and no one comes in
nobody comes in
damaged
my damage
no one comes in
stay out1
do you want the family man or do you want the swingin' man?
you choose
(family man)
you get the family man

family man
family man
family man
with your glances my way, taken no chances on the new day
family man
family man with your life all planned
your little sand castle built
smiling through your guilt
family, man
here i come
here i come family man
i come to infect. i come to rape your woman
i come to take your children into the street
i come for you family man family man
with your christmas lights already up
you're such a man when your puttin' up your christmas lights, first on the block
family man
family man, i wanna crucify you to your front door, with nails
from your well stocked garage, family man, family man
family man
saint dad. father on fire. i've come to incinerate you
i've come home1
sun's comin' up and i can't decide
to spill my emotions or keep 'em inside
go for a drive, go to the store
i'm lookin' for somethin' that can't be found there
i always wear a smile
because anything but a smile
would make me have to explain
and they wouldn't understand anyway

i conceal my feelings so i won't have to explain
what i can't explain anyway
i can't decide, can't decide
can't decide anything
i can't decide, i can't decide
i can't decide anything

every time i open my mouth
i always wish i had kept it shut
i gotta spill my guts, but i don't dare
i take a look around; i know that no one else cares
i always wear a smile
because anything but a smile
would make me have to explain
and they wouldn't understand anyway
i conceal my feelings so i won't have to explain
what i can't explain anyway
i can't decide, can't decide
can't decide anything
i can't decide, i can't decide
i can't decide anything


i conceal my feelings so i won't have to explain
what i can't explain anyway
i can't decide, can't decide
can't decide anything
i can't decide, i can't decide
i can't decide anything

sun's comin' up, i still can't decide
to spill my emotions or keep 'em inside
goin' for a drive, then i'm goin' to the store
i'm lookin' for somethin', but i still don't know what for
i always wear a smile
because anything but a smile
would make me have to explain
and they wouldn't understand anyway
i conceal my feelings so i won't have to explain
what i can't explain anyway
i can't decide, i can't decide
can't decide anything
can't decide, i can't decide
i can't decide anything
no, no!
maybe tomorrow, maybe tomorrow1
gimme gimme gimme
i need some more
gimme gimme gimme
don't ask what for
(one, two, three, four)

sitting here like a loaded gun
waiting to go off
i've got nothing to do
but shoot my mouth off


i gotta go out
get something for my head
if i keep on doing this
i'm gonna end up dead


i know the world's got problems
i've got problems of my own
not the kind that can't be solved
with an atom bomb

sitting here like a loaded gun
waiting to go off
i've got nothing to do
but shoot my mouth off
3
this feeling haunts me
behind these eyes
the shell seems so empty
though i wonder if anything lives inside?
i want to live
i wish i was dead
my heart aches to bleed
i'm cheated from what i see
freedom holds a double-edge for me
i look in your eyes and see...
i want to live
i wish i was dead
i don't want to think
i'm stuck here and i know it
i don't want to see
make me close my eyes
i want to live
i wish i was dead
life's cold
and it reaches inside
i need to feel
but turn my mind off
the desperation begins
from the start i see the end
not right, i'm not right, you're not right
i've got to close my eyes
i look in your eyes
and see its always this way
live the lie and take a dive
just to make it die
i want to live
i wish i was dead
i've just got to close my eyes
i've got to close my eyes
i've got to close my eyes1
sometimes, i try to do things
and it just doesn't work out the way i want it to
and i get real frustrated
and like, i try hard to do it
and i like, take my time, but it just doesn't work out the way i want it to
it's like i concentrate on it real hard
but it just doesn't work out
and everything i do and everything i try
it never turns out
it's like, i need time to figure these things out
but there's always someone there going
"hey mike, you know, we've been noticing you've been having a lot of problems lately, you know?
you should maybe get away
and like, maybe you should talk about it, you'll feel a lot better"
and i go, "no it's okay, you know, i'll figure it out
just leave me alone, i'll figure it out, you know?
i'm just working on myself"
they go, "well you know, if you want to talk about it, i'll be here, you know
and you'll probably feel a lot better if you talk about it
so why don't you talk about it?"
i go, "no i don't want to, i'm okay! i'll figure it out myself!"
but they just keep bugging me
they just keep bugging me and it builds up inside

so you're gonna be institutionalized
you'll come out brainwashed with bloodshot eyes
you won't have any say
they'll brainwash you until you see their way
i'm not crazy! (institution!)
you're the one that's crazy! (institution!)
you're driving me crazy! (institution!)
they stick me in an institution
and said it was the only solution
to give me the needed professional help
to protect from the enemy, myself

i was in my room
and i was just like, staring at the walls thinking about everything
but then again, i was thinking about nothing
and then my mom came in, and i didn't even know she was there
she called my name and i didn't hear her
and then she started screaming, "mike! mike!"
and i go, "what? what's the matter?"
she goes, "what's the matter with you?"
i go, "there's nothing wrong mom"
she goes, "don't tell me that, you're on drugs!"
i go, "no mom, i'm not on drugs, i'm okay, i'm just thinking, you know? why don't you get me a pepsi?"
she goes, "no! you're on drugs!"
i go, "mom, i'm okay, i'm just thinking"
and she goes, "no! you're not thinking, you're on drugs!
normal people don't act that way!"
i go, "mom, just get me a pepsi, please? all i want's a pepsi"
and she wouldn't give it to me
all i wanted was a pepsi
just one pepsi
and she wouldn't give it to me
just a pepsi!
they give you a white shirt with long sleeves
tied around your back, you're treated like thieves
drug you up because they're lazy
it's too much work to help a crazy

i'm not crazy! (institution!)
you're the one that's crazy! (institution!)
you're driving me crazy! (institution!)
they stick me in an institution
said it was the only solution
to give me the needed professional help
to protect from the enemy, myself

i'm sitting in my room, and my mom and my dad came in
they pulled up a chair and they sat down
they go, "mike, we need to talk to you"
and i go, "okay, what's the matter?"
they go, "me and your mom, we've been noticing lately you've been having a lot of problems
and you've been going off for no reason
and we're afraid you're gonna hurt somebody
and we're afraid you're gonna hurt yourself,
so we decided that it would be in your best interest if we put you somewhere you could get the help that you need"
and i go, "wait! what are you talking about?
we decided?! my best interest?!
how do you know what my best interest is?
how can you say what my best interest is?
what are you trying to say? i'm crazy?!
when i went to your schools
i went to your churches
i went to your institutional learning facilities!
so how can you say i'm crazy?!
they say they're gonna fix my brain
alleviate my suffering and my pain
but by the time they fix my head
mentally, i'll be dead

i'm not crazy! (institution!)
you're the one that's crazy! (institution!)
you're driving me crazy! (institution!)
they stick me in an institution
said it was the only solution
to give me the needed professional help
to protect from the enemy, myself

it doesn't matter, i'll probably get hit by a car anyway13
flashing pictures on my screen
shown too quickly to be seen
does not register in the conscious mind
propaganda of another kind

they're fucking with me subliminally
they're fucking with me subliminally

flashing pictures on the screen
shown too quickly to be seen
doesn't register in the conscious mind
propaganda of another kind
danger (nightmare)
doomsday (nightmare)
murder (nightmare)
nightmare, nightmare
danger (nightmare)
doomsday (nightmare)
murder (nightmare)
nightmare, nightmare
they'll fuck with me subliminally
they'll fuck with me subliminally
they'll fuck with me subliminally
they'll fuck with me subliminally
watching tv, i start to cry
for no reason, i don't know why
could it be from messages on my tv
which i'm getting subliminally?

they're fucking with me subliminally
they're fucking with me subliminally

flashing pictures on the screen
shown too quickly to be seen
doesn't register in the conscious mind
propaganda of another kind
danger (nightmare)
doomsday (nightmare)
murder (nightmare)
nightmare, nightmare
danger (nightmare)
doomsday (nightmare)
murder (nightmare)
nightmare, nightmare
they'll fuck with me subliminally
they'll fuck with me subliminally
they'll fuck with me subliminally
they'll fuck with me subliminally
mind control, the easiest way
sponsored by the cia
it's a weapon you cannot see
it's propaganda subliminally

they're fucking with me subliminally
they're fucking with me subliminally4
what the hell's going on around here?
first off-let's take it from the start
straight out-can't change what's in my heart
no one-can tear my beliefs apart, you can't bring me
you ain't-never seen no one like me
prevail-regardless what the cost might be
power-flows inside of me, you can't bring me
never-fall as long as i try
refuse-to be a part of your lie
even-if it means i die, you can't bring me
you...can't...bring...me...down!
who the hell you calling crazy? you wouldn't know what crazy was if charles manson was eating fruit loops on your front porch....
time out-let's get something clear
i speak-more truth than you want to hear
scapegoat-to cover up your fear, you can't bring me
you ain't-never seen so much might
fight for-what i know is right
what up-you got yourself a fight, you can't bring me
stand up-we'll all sing along
together-ain't nothin' as strong
won't quit-we ain't in the wrong, you can't bring me
you...can't...bring...me...down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, no!
bring me down-you can't bring me down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, you can't bring me down!
tell them what's up rocky!
you...can't...bring...me...down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, no!
bring me down-you can't bring me down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, you can't bring me down!
so why you trying to bring me?
well you can't bring me down...no, no, no, no
can't bring me down....no, no, no, no, no, no
can't bring me down....no, no, no, no, no, no
can't bring me down....no, no, no, no, no, no
so why you trying to bring?
well you can't bring me down
just cause you don't understand what's going on don't mean it don't make no sense
and just cause you don't like it, don't mean it ain't no good
and let me tell you something;
before you go taking a walk in my world
you better take a look at the real world
cause this ain't no mister roger's neighborhood
can you say "feel like shit"?
yea maybe sometimes i do feel like shit
i ain't happy 'bout it, but i'd rather feel like shit than be full of shit!
and if i offended you, oh i'm sorry...
but maybe you need to be offended
but here's my apology and one more thing...fuck you!
'cause you...can't...bring...me...down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, no!
bring me down-you can't bring me down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, no!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, no!
bring me down-you can't bring me down, you can't bring me down!
can't bring me down!
can't bring me down!
can't bring me down!
suicidal!1
yesterday, as i went out the house
i saw a body lying down quiet as a mouse
lying face down in the sewer
i got up closer and realized that i knew her
all her organs coming from her insides
slashed up skin, sliced up hide
turned her over and saw the tar tracks on her head
that's when i realized she was dead

i saw your mommy, and your mommy's dead
i saw your mommy, and your mommy's dead

twisted body, chopped-off feet
her body was minced meat
bugs crawling on her arms
she's dead can't do no harm
gnarled-up legs, broken and bent
her last breath has been spent

i wonder how much you had to pay
to get your mom killed in such a bloody way
i saw your mommy, and your mommy's dead
i watched her as she bled
chewed-off toes on her chopped-off feet
i took a picture 'cause i thought it was neat
but the thing i liked seeing the best
was the rodents using her hair as a nest

i saw your mommy, and your mommy's dead
i saw your mommy, and your mommy's dead

twisted body, chopped-off feet
her body was minced meat
bugs crawling on her arms
she's dead can't do no harm
gnarled-up legs, broken and bent
her last breath has been spent

i know it's your allowance that you'll really miss
but make it look good at her funeral and give her little kiss

i saw your mommy,and your mommy's dead
i saw her lying in a pool of red
i think it's the greatest thing i'll ever see
your dead mommy lying in front of me
i'll always remember her lying dead on the floor
i hope she dies twenty times more
i saw your mommy, and your mommy is dead
i saw your mommy, and your mommy is dead

twisted body, chopped-off feet
her body was minced meat
bugs crawling on her arms
she's dead can't do no harm
gnarled-up legs, broken and bent
her last breath has been spent

i wonder how much you had to pay
to get your mom killed in such a bloody way (ah!)4
you tell me what i want to hear
i hear it all with my ears
but that won't do me any use
so i use my eyes to see the truth

i've got cyco vision
i use cyco vision
i see with cyco vision
i've got cyco vision
it doesn't matter what you say (bullshit)
it only matters what you do (no shit)
you cannot take the easy way with me
'cause i've got cyco vision
cyco!
vision!
you put a smile on your face (don't you?)
to try to hide behind your lies (don't you?)
but that just magnifies the pain in your soul
i see with my cyco vision

i've got cyco vision
i use cyco vision
i see with cyco vision
i've got cyco vision
when you think with all your might (you change)
right to wrong and wrong to right (don't change)
but it stays the same to me
because i've got cyco vision
war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head

war inside my head ain't a pretty sight
but i don't want no sympathy
it's happened a thousand times before
it's just a harsh reality

war inside my head - can you sense it
war inside my head - can you see it
war inside my head - can you feel it
war inside my head
can you hear the - pain
can you see the - pain
can you sense the - pain
can you feel the - pain
can you help the - pain
can you fix the - pain
can you taste the - pain
can you hear the war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head
the only thing real is the way i feel
and that's the pain that's deep inside
the battle from within is gonna begin
and there ain't nowhere to hide

war inside my head - can you sense it
war inside my head - can you feel it
war inside my head - can you fix it
war inside my head
can you see my - pain
can you feel my - pain
can you taste my - pain
can you hear my - pain
can you sense my - pain
can you feel my - pain
can you help my - pain
can you see the war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head

war inside my head every night and day
i never get no piece of mind
it ought to be a sin, i just can't win
and pure hell is all i find
war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head ain't a pretty sight
but i don't want no sympathy
it's happened a thousand times before
it's just a harsh reality

war inside my head - can you sense it
war inside my head - can you see it
war inside my head - can you feel it
war inside my head
can you see my - pain
can you feel my - pain
can you sense my - pain
can you taste my - pain
can you fix my - pain
can you help my - pain
can you see my - pain
can you see the war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head
war inside my head
*laughing*

sick of people (no one's real)
sick of chicks (they're all bitches)
sick of you (you're too hip)
sick of life (it sucks)

ah! suicide's an alternative!

sick of trying (what's the point?)
sick of talking (no one listens)
sick of listening (it's all lies)
sick of thinking (just end up confused)
sick of moving (get me )
sick of myself (don't wanna live)
sick and tired (and no one cares)
sick of life (it sucks)

sick of politics (for the rich)
sick of power (only oppresses)
sick of government (full of tyrants)
sick of school (total brainwash)
sick of music (top 40 sucks)
sick of myself (don't wanna live)
sick and tired (and no one cares)
sick of life (it sucks)

ah! ah! suicide's an alternative!

sick of life (it sucks)
sick and tired (and no one cares)
sick of myself (don't wanna live)
sick of living (i'm gonna die)

suicide's an alternative!


well, i've got a little story to tell
about a man, said he came from hell
he said satan's been lookin', especially after me
he said satan's got a paper, gonna set my body free
he said, "power and glory, rich is the story
all in your name, and all for you to stay
oh yeah
power be your name, glory and fame
i see the gold and all of the riches in your head
oh yeah

he said, "power, fame, all in your name
all that you wanted, all that you need
all that you want to answer your dream
anything that you ever could need"

"just sign the paper, that's all you do
just sign the paper, it's ready to
anything  it's all for you
just sign the paper

uh, let me see if i got this right
when i sign the paper, then i get all these things?
it's gotta be something else happening
i don't know, man
besides, it's like coward
well, i don't care too much about gold
and i don't really give a fuck about what you've been told
and i don't really care, or need anyone looking after me
besides, i'm a meaner son of a bitch than that fuck-wit ever could be
here i sit and watch my world
come crumbling down
i cry for help but no one's around
silently screaming as i bang my head
against the wall
it seems like no one cares at all
always an emotion
but how could i explain?
how can i explain?
kind of like the scent of a rose
with words i can't explain
the same with my pain
caught up in emotion
goes over my head
goes over my head
sometimes i got to think to myself
"is this life or death?
am i living or am i dead?"
the clock keeps ticking
but nothing else seems to change
problems never solved, just rearranged
and when i think about
all the times that i've had
some were good, most were bad
i search for personality
and i look for things i cannot see
love and peace flash through my mind
pain and hate is all i find
find no hope in nothing new
and i never had a dream come true
lies and hate and agony
and through my eyes that's all i see
if i'm gonna cry
will you wipe away my tears?
if i'm gonna die
lord, please take away my fear
before i drown in sorrow
well i just want to say
how will i laugh tomorrow
if i can't even smile today?
today, today, today
when i can't even smile today
today, today, today
when i can't even smile today
how will i laugh tomorrow
when i can't even smile today?
how will i laugh tomorrow
when i can't even smile today?
you think something's funny?
laugh at this!
so when i look outside my room
i see the world, but not the reason
what is done to me is not fair
you call it fair, i call it treason
but i know not what to do
give me a sign i'll take whatever
but if you want me here i am
ain't gonna die forever
and i tried to hold ya
but you just turned away
and i tried to tell ya
but not a word i say
i cried out so loudly
but you just covered your ears
and gave me all the signs
that you ignored my tears
so if you want me here i am
i sit here waiting your decision
but my body fights my mind
i'm headed straight for a collision
so am i getting near or am i still
looking in all the wrong places?
but the only thing that seems to change
are the looks on the faces

doesn't anyone?
seems like no one cares at all
i search for personality
and look for things i cannot see
(does anyone even care at all?)
love and peace flash through my mind
pain and hate is all i find
(seems like no one cares at all)
find no hope in nothing new
when i never had a dream come true
(does anyone even care at all?)
lies and hate and agony
through my eyes that's all i see
(seems like no one cares at all)
how will i laugh tomorrow?
how will i laugh tomorrow?
how will i laugh tomorrow?
how will i laugh tomorrow
when i can't even smile today?
today, today
when i can't even smile today
today, today
when i can't even smile today
how will i laugh tomorrow
when i can't even smile today?
how will i laugh tomorrow
when i can't even smile today?
i shot reagan!

i shot reagan
i shot sadat
i'm gonna shoot you
in heaven, you'll rot

you'll rot in heaven
hear an angels voice
you're too bad for hell
though it's your first choice

rot in heaven
you're too bad for hell
rot in heaven
'cause you're forgiven in hell

i shot lennon
i shot the pope
i shot the devil
now you ain't got no hope
you're gonna rot in heaven
hear an angels voice
you're too bad for hell
though it's your first choice

rot in heaven
you're too bad for hell
rot in heaven
'cause you're forgiven in hell


rot in heaven
you're forgiven in hell
rot in heaven
you're forgiven in hell

i shot reagan
i shot sadat
i'm gonna shoot you
in heaven, you'll rot
i shot lennon
i shot the pope
i shot the devil
now you ain't got no hope
i shot reagan!
and i'd shoot him again and again and again!
father, forgive me
for i know not what i do
i tried everything
now i'll leave it up to you
i don't wanna live
i don't know why
i don't have no reasons
i just wanna die

i'm a suicidal failure
i've got to have some help
have suicidal tendencies
but i can't kill myself

tired of this way of life
my patience has expired
i'm barely just nineteen
but my life, i will retire
i went down to a rifle store
i bought myself a gun
i pointed it at my head
but i couldn't get the job done
i'm a suicidal failure
i've got to have some help
have suicidal tendencies
but i can't kill myself

took all my mothers sleeping pills
i jumped off a freeway bridge
i drank three kinds of poisons
and drove my car off a ridge
i beat myself with a bat
put a noose around my head
i'm overdosed on heroin
but i'm still not dead

i'm a suicidal failure
i've got to have some help
have suicidal tendencies
but i can't kill myself

death may not be the answer
it can't be all great
but me, i'm not into living
with life, i can't relate
by some masochistic reasoning
i think that it'll be fun
i want to start my second life now
so shoot me with your gun
i'm looking forward (suicidal)
i'm really bored (suicidal)
you wanna die (suicidal)
then die (suicidal)
on the street (suicidal)
at the game (suicidal)
at the beach (suicidal)
at my school (suicidal)
i'm not anti-society, society's anti-me
and i'm not anti-religion, religion's anti-me
and i'm not anti-tradition, tradition's anti-me
and i'm not anti-anything, i just wanna be free

fascist state, no freedom
unless you control yourself
use self-expression, lose your freedom
you're undesirable, you go straight to jail!

two-sided politics!
one for them, another for me!


kill someone in a war
get a medal, you're a hero
protect yourself in everyday war
you're a minority, you go straight to jail!

two-sided politics!
one for them, another for me!
i'm not anti-reagan, reagan's anti-me!
and i'm not anti-government, government's anti-me!
and i'm not anti-politics, politics is anti-me
and i'm not anti-anything, i just wanna be free!

innocent, never guilty
high-class lawyer, you are rich
if you're poor, must be guilty
even if innocent, you go straight to jail!

two-sided politics!3
there are some things you're not supposed to talk about, like all the things i ever think about
i guess i'll try, i just wanna sleep
slip away in a trance so deep
feel my soul floating free, no more pain left in me
and then i sleep until tomorrow, when i wake again i wake up in sorrow
another person, another day
i probably won't remember it anyway, well...
seems like the world is leaving me behind, when i try to explain you say i've lost my mind
you say i need some help, well how else do you think it's going to help until you you get to know it's true
no help from you
so i sit and think about the things that i'm not supposed to talk about
i think and i think and i think and i think and, never no progress
i know i'm not the only one....
wake up!
why do i wake up in the morning? - nothing has changed since the day of my birth
why do i wake up in the morning? - i make no difference on this earth
strength has left - has to be - something has died inside of me
if i don't wake up in the morning - at my funeral world anyone even care?
if i don't wake up in the morning - would anyone even be there?
you can put me down - you can put me out, you can try to ignore
but now you're gonna hearing me when i shout wake up
wake up! (x2)
why should i wake up in the morning? - it'll be just another wasted day
why should i wake up in the morning? - don't do nothing right anyway
that was then - not anymore - now i go blasting out the door
i'm gonna wake up in the morning - i'll prove you wrong i will not fail
i'm gonna wake up in the morning - i'm gonna blaze a brand new trail
might not be smart, but if i'm strong
i know for sure that no one ever will prove me wrong
i'll still wake up in the morning
tense atmosphere in the air
riot written everywhere
riot squads coming from over there
it's time to go home if you're square

riot squad, bash their heads
kick their ass until they're dead
i won't be a fascist pig!
love to fight, what a thrill
we don't stop until we kill
i won't be a fascist pig!

throw a bottle in the air
put 'em up to their dare
we'll just laugh while they stare
and let 'em hit me, see if i care

riot squad, bash their heads
kick their ass until they're dead
i won't be a fascist pig!
love to fight, what a thrill
we don't stop until we kill
i won't be a fascist pig!
get attacked by them, you'll never heal
they'll rob your conscience, your sanity they'll steal
they'll beat your brains until they spill
that's the fascists' favorite meal

riot squad, bash their heads
kick their ass until they're dead
i won't be a fascist pig!
love to fight, what a thrill
we don't stop until we kill
i won't be a fascist pig!

i won't be a fascist pig!
here i sit and watch my world come crumbling down
i cry for help but no one's around
silently screaming i bang my head against the wall
it seems like no one cares at all
always an emotion, but how can i explain-how can i explain
kind of like the scent of a rose, with words i can't explain-
the same with my pain
caught up in emotion-goes over my head-goes over my head
sometimes i got to think to myself is this life or death
am i living or am i dead
the clock keeps ticking, but nothing else seems to change
problems never solved-just rearranged
and when i think about all the times that i've had
some were good-most were bad
i search for personality and look for things i cannot see
love and peace flash through my mind-pain and hate are all i find
find no hope in nothing new-never had a dream come true
lies and hate and agony-through my eyes that's all i see
if i'm gonna cry-will you wipe away my tears?
if i'm gonna die-lord please take away my fear
before i drown in sorrow-last thing that i'll say
how will i laugh tomorrow-if i can't even smile today
today today-when i can't even smile today
today today-when i can't even smile today
how will i laugh tomorrow-when i can't even smile today
how will i laugh tomorrow-when i can't even smile today
trippin
i gotta gotta take a trip, gotta take a trip out of this place
i gotta gotta get away, get away from the human race
i don't know what i'll see, don't even know what i'll find
i don't know what to pack, never been to a trip at the mind
chorus:
trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain -
do you know what i'm saying?
trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain -
well, i'm going insane
i took a wrong turn and i ended up at my heart
it could barely even pump no blood it was so thrashed and torn apart
thank it for working overtime in pain and misery
then i set back on the trail, headed for my destiny
chorus:
trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain -
do you know what i'm saying?
trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain -
well, i'm going insane
well, fly with me
flying free
tripping
you must be tripping
trip, trip, trip, trip, tripping
tripping
i cannot stop this trip, i forgot to pack the brakes
crashed straight into a concrete wall of my mistakes
ended up in a cemetary of a thousand wasted days
but that's alright with me, 'cause that's where most of my memory lays
gotta get away
gotta get away
i'm gonna take that trip
welcome
'cause i'm the host with the most
now here's a little toast
take your messages and put you're mind on coast
i'll exorcise your fears
make your nightmares disappear
you can talk all you want
but nothing do i really hear
a situation, this operation
a simple demonstration in experimentation
i slip, trip, slip, trip every little dip
there's nothing like a lobotomy
to keep a person free of pain
financial gain
for your personal pain
well it's so insane
but won't you keep all the pain
and slip, fly, trip
got caught up in another trap
so pay another shrink
buy his wife another mink
let me tell what i think think
i think, i think...
i gotta, gotta get away gotta get away, gotta get away
i'm just trippin' trippin' trippin'
never volatile, wanna sin with me?
you gotta get away, they say they're gonna freak
but that's between the cheek, gotta trip, gotta trip, gotta trip, gotta...
gotta make a sound
it's a dance mom
gotta take a trip, gotta take a trip
the real trip ain't about gettin' hip
gotta trip
tripa tripa tripa tripa ha
sins go slam, goin down at the chest
gotta get away gotta get away away
gotta trip with no permission, mind evaluation
take your head, add a little crazy
take that trip to the brain
take that trip to the brain
everybody gotta get get off
you gotta gotta gotta take the trip to the brain!
so, you've been to school for a year or two
and you know you've seen it all
in daddy's car, thinkin' you'll go far
back east, your type don't crawl
play ethnicky jazz to parade your snazz
on your five-grand stereo
braggin' that you know how the niggers feel cold
and the slums got so much soul

it's time to taste what you most fear
right guard will not help you here
brace yourself, my dear
brace yourself, my dear

it's a holiday in cambodia
it's tough, kid, but it's life
it's a holiday in cambodia
don't forget to pack a wife

you're a star-belly sneech, you suck like a leech
you want everyone to act like you
kiss ass while you bitch so you can get rich
but your boss gets richer off you
well, you'll work harder with a gun in your back
for a bowl of rice a day
slave for soldiers till you starve
then your head is skewered on a stake
now you can go where people are one
now you can go where they get things done
what you need, my son
what you need, my son

is a holiday in cambodia
where people dress in black
a holiday in cambodia
where you'll kiss ass or crack

pol pot
pol pot
pol pot
pol pot
pol pot
pol pot
pol pot, pol pot, pol pot, pol pot
pol pot, pol pot, pol pot, pol pot
pol pot, pol pot, pol pot, pol pot
pol pot, pol pot, pol pot, it's a...

holiday in cambodia
where you'll do what you're told
a holiday in cambodia
where the slums got so much soul
pol pot!17
i am governor jerry brown
my aura smiles and never frowns
soon, i will be president
carter power will soon go away
i will be fhrer one day
i will command all of you
your kids will meditate in school
your kids will meditate in school

california ber alles
california ber alles
ber alles, california
ber alles, california

zen fascists will control you
one-hundred percent natural
you will jog for the master race
and always wear the happy face
close your eyes, can't happen here
big bro on white horse is near
the hippies won't come back, you say
mellow out, or you will pay
mellow out, or you will pay
california ber alles
california ber alles
ber alles, california
ber alles, california

now it is 1984
knock-knock at your front door
it's the suede denim secret police
they have come for your uncool niece
come quietly to the camp
you'd look nice as a drawstring lamp
don't you worry, it's only a shower
for your clothes, here's a pretty flower
die on organic poison gas
serpent's egg's already hatched
you will croak, you little clown
when you mess with president brown
when you mess with president brown

california ber alles
california ber alles
ber alles, california
ber alles, california11
'nazi punks fuck off', overproduced by martin hannett, take four
(two three four!)

punk ain't no religious cult
punk means thinking for yourself
you ain't hardcore when you spike your hair
when a jock still lives inside your head

nazi punks
nazi punks
nazi punks
fuck off!
nazi punks
nazi punks
nazi punks
fuck off!

if you've come to fight, get outta here
you ain't no better than the bouncers
we ain't trying to be police
if you ape the cops it ain't anarchy
nazi punks
nazi punks
nazi punks
fuck off!
nazi punks
nazi punks
nazi punks
fuck off!

ten guys jump one, what a man
you fight each other, the police state wins
stab your backs when you trash our halls
trash a bank if you've got real balls
you still think swastikas look cool
the real nazis run your schools
they're coaches, businessmen and cops
in a real fourth reich you'll be the first to go

nazi punks
nazi punks
nazi punks
fuck off!
nazi punks
nazi punks
nazi punks
fuck off!
you'll be the first to go
you'll be the first to go
you'll be the first to go
unless you think!12
efficiency and progress is ours once more
now that we have the neutron bomb
it's nice and quick and clean and gets things done
away with excess enemy
but no less value to property
no sense in war but perfect sense at home

the sun beams down on a brand new day
no more welfare tax to pay
unsightly slums gone up in flashing light
jobless millions whisked away
at last we have more room to play
all systems go to kill the poor tonight
gonna

kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
tonight

behold the sparkle of champagne
the crime rate's gone
feel free again
oh, life's a dream with you, miss lily white
jane fonda on the screen today
convinced the liberals it's okay
so let's get dressed to dance away the night
while they
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
tonight
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
tonight


behold the sparkle of champagne
the crime rate's gone
feel free again
oh, life's a dream with you, miss lily white
jane fonda on the screen today
convinced the liberals it's okay
so let's get dressed to dance away the night
while they

kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
tonight
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
tonight
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
kill kill kill kill kill the poor
tonight
(wordless scream)3
tonight's the night that we got the truck
we're going downtown, gonna beat up drunks
your turn to drive, i'll bring the beer
it's the late, late shift, no one to fear

and ride, ride, how we ride
and ride, low ride

it's a roundup time where the good whores meet
we're gonna drag one screaming off the street

and ride, ride, how we ride

got a black uniform and a silver badge
we're playin' cops for real, we're playin' cops for pay

let's ride, lowride

pull down your dress, here's a kick in the ass
let's beat you blue till you shit in your pants
don't move, child, got a big black stick
there's six of us, babe, so suck on my dick!

and ride, ride, how we ride
let's ride, low ride

the left newspapers might whine a bit
but the guys at the station, they don't give a shit
dispatch calls, "are you doing something wicked?"
"no siree, jack, we're just givin' tickets!"

let's ride, ride, how we ride
and ride, ride, how we ride
and ride, ride, how we ride
let's ride, low ride2
went to a party, i danced all night
i drank 16 beers and i started up a fight
but now i am jaded, you're out of luck
i'm rolling down the stairs
too drunk to fuck

too drunk to fuck
too drunk to fuck
too drunk, to fuck
i'm too drunk, too drunk, too drunk
to fuck

i like your stories, i love your gun
shooting out truck tires
sounds like loads and loads of fun
but in my room, wish you were dead
you bawl like the baby in eraserhead

too drunk to fuck
too drunk to fuck
too drunk, to fuck
it's all i need right now
too drunk to fuck

too drunk to fuck
too drunk to fuck
too drunk, to fuck
i'm sick, soft, gooey, and cold
too drunk to fuck

i'm about to drop, my head's a mess
the only salvation is
i'll never see you again
you give me head, it makes it worse
take out your fuckin' retainer
put it in your purse

i'm too drunk to fuck
you're too drunk to fuck
too drunk to fuck

it's all i need right now, oh baby
i'm melting like an ice cream bar, oh baby
and now i got diarrhea
too drunk to fuck
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah
ooh, gah!1
drinking beer in the hot sun
i fought the law and i won, i fought the law and i won
i needed sex and i got mine
i fought the law and i won, i fought the law and i won
the law don't mean shit if you've got the right friends
that's how this country's run
twinkies are the best friend i've ever had
i fought the law and i won, i fought the law and i won
i blew george and harvey's brains out with my six-gun
i fought the law and i won, i fought the law and i won
gonna write my book and make a million
i fought the law and i won, i fought the law and i won
i'm the new folk hero of the ku klux klan
my cop friends think that's fine
you can get away with murder if you've got a badge
i fought the law and i won, i fought the law and i won
i fought the law and i won
i am the law so i won
the landlord's here to visit
they're blasting disco down below
says "i'm doubling up the rent
cause the building's condemned
you're gonna help me buy city hall"
but we can, you know we can
but we can, you know we can
let's lynch the landlord man
i tell him "turn on the water"
i tell him "turn on the heat"
tells me "all you ever do is complain," yeah
then they search the place when i'm not here
but we can, you know we can
let's lynch the landlord
let's lynch the landlord
let's lynch the landlord man

there's rats chewing up the kitchen
roaches up to my knees
turn the oven on, it smells like dachau, yeah
til the rain pours through the ceiling
but we can, you know we can
let's lynch the landlord man3
hold it!
we've gotta prove we're adults now
we're not a punk rock band... we're a new wave band

i'm tired of self-respect
i can't afford a car
i wanna be a prefab superstar
i wanna be a tool
don't need no soul
wanna make big money
playing rock and roll

i'll make my music boring
i'll play my music slow
i ain't no artist, i'm a business man
no ideas of my own
i won't offend
or rock the boat
just sex and drugs
and rock and roll
drool, drool, drool, drool, drool, drool
my payola!
drool, drool, drool, drool, drool, drool
my payola!

you'll pay ten bucks to see me
on a fifteen foot high stage
fatass bouncers kick the shit
out of kids who try to dance
if my friends say
i've lost my guts
i'll laugh and say
that's rock and roll
but there's just one problem

is my cock big enough
is my brain small enough
for you to make me a star

give me a toot, i'll sell you my soul
pull my strings and i'll go far
give me a toot, i'll sell you my soul
pull my strings and i'll go far

and when i'm rich
and meet bob hope
we'll shoot some golf
and shoot some dope

is my cock big enough
is my brain small enough
for you to make me a star

give me a toot, i'll sell you my soul
pull my strings and i'll go far
guitar!

everybody, put your hands together!

is my cock big enough?
is my brain small enough?
for you to make me a star
everybody sing it one time!

is my cock big enough?
is my brain small enough?
for you to make me a star
shut up and dance, everybody!

is my cock big enough?
is my brain small enough?
for you to make me a star

give me a toot, i'll sell you my soul
pull my strings and i'll go far
one more time!

give me a toot, i'll sell you my soul
pull my strings and i'll go far

and drool, drool, drool, drool, drool, drool
my payola!
drool, drool, drool, drool, drool, drool
my payola!
thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, we sure do love you, we'll see you next time, having a good time playing good and loud rock and roll
we're sorry
but you're no longer needed
or wanted
or even cared about here
machines can do a better job than you
this is what you get for asking questions
the unions agree
"sacrifices must be made"
computers never go on strike
to save the working man you've got to put him out to pasture
looks like we'll have to let you go
doesn't it feel fulfilling to know
that you, the human being, are now obsolete
and there's nothing in hell we'll let you do about it?

soup is good food (we don't need you anymore)
you made a good meal (we don't need you anymore)
now how does it feel (we don't need you anymore)
to be shit out our ass
and thrown in the cold like a piece of trash?
we're sorry
you'll just have to leave
unemployment runs out after just six weeks
how does it feel to be a budget cut?
you're snipped
you no longer exist
your number's been purged from our central computer
so we can rig the facts
and sweep you under the rug
see our chart?
unemployment's going down
if that ruins your life, that's your problem
soup is good food
we're sorry
we hate to interrupt
but it's against the law to jump off this bridge
you'll just have to kill yourself somewhere else
a tourist might see you
and we wouldn't want that
i'm just doing my job, you know
so say uncle
and we'll take you to the mental health zoo
force feed you mind-melting chemicals
'til even the outside world looks great
in hi-tech science research labs
it costs too much to bury all the dead
the mutilated disease-injected
surplus rats who can't be used anymore
so they're dumped with no minister present
in a spiraling corkscrew disposal unit
ground into sludge and flushed away
soup is good food
you made a good meal
we know how much you'd like to die
we joke about it on our coffee breaks
but we're paid to force you to have a nice day
in the wonderful world we made just for you
"poor rats," we human rodents chuckle
at least we get a dignified cremation
at yet
at 6:00 tomorrow morning
it's time to get up and go to work4
the crowded future stings my eyes
i still find time to exercise
in uniform with two white stripes
unlock my section of the sand
it's fenced off to the water's edge
i clamp a gas mask on my head
oh, my beach at night
bathe in my moonlight

another tanker's hit the rocks
abandoned to spill out its guts
the sand is laced with sticky glops
oh, shimmering moonlight sheen upon
the waves and water clogged with oil
white gases steam up from the soil

oh, my beach at night
bathe in my moonlight

i squash dead fish between my toes
try not to step on any bones
i turn around and i go home
i slip back through my basement door
switch off all that i own below
dive in my scalding wooden tub
my own beach at night
bathe in my moonlight-ight-ight
there will always be a moon over marin

"there, wasn't that a nice visit? don't forget, a psychiatrist is on duty twenty-four hours a day in the blue room just up from the parking garage. drink plenty of water when you take these. now you can relax and return to your job!"2
rioting, the unbeatable high
adrenaline shoots your nerves to the sky
everyone knows this town is gonna blow
and it's all gonna blow right now
now you can smash all the windows that you want
all you really need are some friends and a rock
throwing a brick never felt so damn good
smash more glass
scream with a laugh
and wallow with the crowds
watch them kicking people's ass
but you get to the place
where the real slavedrivers live
it's walled off by the riot squad
aiming guns right at your head
so you turn right around
and play right into their hands
and set your own neighborhood
burning to the ground instead

riot
the unbeatable high
riot
shoots your nerves to the sky
riot
playing right into their hands
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
get your kicks in quick
they're callin' the national guard
now could be your only chance
to torch a police car
climb the roof, kick the siren in
and jump and yelp for joy
quickly, dive back in the crowd
slip away, now don't get caught
let's loot the spiffy hi-fi store
grab as much as you can hold
pray your full arms don't fall off
here comes the owner with a gun

riot
the unbeatable high
riot
shoots your nerves to the sky
riot
playing right into their hands
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
the barricades spring up from nowhere
cops in helmets line the lines
shotguns prod into your bellies
the trigger fingers want an excuse
now
the raging mob has lost its nerve
there's more of us but who goes first
no one dares to cross the line
the cops know that they've won
it's all over but not quite
the pigs have just begun to fight
they club your heads, kick your teeth
police can riot all that they please

riot
the unbeatable high
riot
shoots your nerves to the sky
riot
playing right into their hands
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
riot
the unbeatable high
riot
shoots your nerves to the sky
riot
playing right into their hands
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
tomorrow you're homeless
tonight it's a blast
god told me to skin you alive
i kill children
i love to see them die
i kill children
and make their mamas cry
crush 'em under my car
i wanna hear them scream
feed 'em poison candy
to spoil their halloween
so you're in the kids' ward
you're in there 'cause you're ill
how about some pavulon
so i can see you chill
time to hit the school bus
i think i'll shoot the tires
offer them a helping hand
of open telephone wires
ever wanted to die?
of course you have
but i won't till i get my revenge
been fucked far, far too many ways
i don't wanna see people any more
things i never ever saw before
make me see them for the shit they are
take as many as i can away with me
anyone can be king for a day
so i kill children
i love to see them die
i kill children
and make their mamas cry
i kill children
i bang their heads in doors
i kill children
can hardly wait for yours
can hardly wait for yours
can hardly wait for yours
can hardly wait for yours
can hardly wait for yours
can hardly wait for yours
yours1
down at the arsenal they keep the nerve gasses
guarded day and night by caged white rabbits
been sitting there for years
i'm gonna have at it
i cut through the fence, run right in and grab it

go crazy, crazy
crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy

now i got my own mustard gas in my pocket
climb on a tree on a branch and drop it
on a country club full of saturday golfers
so i can watch them die chokin', shakin' in convulsions

go crazy, crazy!
crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy!

chemical warfare, chemical warfare!
chemical warfare, warfare, warfare!
chemical warfare, chemical warfare!
chemical warfare, warfare, warfare!
panic in the air, see the headless chickens runnin'
golf carts head on crashin', crackin' heads wide open
scratch the grass, mister, you can't breathe
and roll and writhe in a sandtrap starting to heave
claw those clubs, lemme see you seethe!

crazy!
crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy!

chemical warfare, chemical warfare!
chemical warfare, warfare, warfare!
chemical warfare, chemical warfare!
chemical warfare, warfare, warfare!

yellow air! yellow clouds!
blowin' down, down, down the fairway
sensitive to the touch
mowin' down the putting green
heading straight for the big clubhouse
where the stuffed country club
effervescent ladies, so carefree
relax, pose by the pool
limber limp with a dry martini
until...
oh shit, what is going on in here?
(coughing)
come on, move, god damnit, please!
i've got the answers, 
(shouts, screams of agony, babies crying)
let me out!
(one, two, three, four!)

chemical warfare, chemical warfare!
chemical warfare, warfare, warfare!
chemical warfare, chemical warfare!
chemical warfare, warfare, warfare!2
no i don't believe in jesus christ
my mother died of cancer when i was 5
no i don't believe in religion
i was forced to go to church, i wasn't told why
no i don't believe in the police force
police brutality isn't a dream
no i don't believe in the system cos
nothing it does makes sense to me
don't worry you'll get over it
you'll grow up, you'll calm down
another youth, another fashion
you'll get over it, you'll calm down
you don't really mean what you say
you've had too much to drink
don't be so full of hatred
it's not as bad as you think
no i don't believe in what you say
you're just part of what i despise
yes you're part of the fucking system
i ain't blind, i can see your lies
cos the system thrives on ignorance
what the public don't know, they can't reject
in the face of you all i stand defiant
the rest of the people, they wanna forget
mickey mouse is dead
got kicked in the head
cos people got too serious
they planned out what they said
they couldn't take the fantasy
they tried to accept reality
analyzed the laughs
cos pleasure comes in halves
the purity of comedy
they had to take it seriously
changed the words around
tried to make it look profound
the comedian is on stage
pisstaking for a wage
the critics think he's great
but the laughter turns to hate
mickey mouse is on t.v
and the kids stare at the screen
but the pictures are all black and white
and the words don't mean a thing
cos mummy's got no money
and daddy is in jail
he couldn't afford the license
she couldn't afford the bail
the kids out in the road
their minds have all gone cold
cos mickey mouse is dead
they shot him through the head
with ignorance and scorn
they believed in something new
they read the papers watched the films
and they thought they knew the truth
look what you've done to mickey mouse
but reality deceives
no matter what you believe
there's always another idea
and theirs is based on fear
the fear of being sussed
for what they really are
the fear of being laughed at
when they go too far
they call it paranoia
you can't laugh it away
until you come to realize
that everyone's the same
people hide their problems
under faces of contempt
they hide them 'til it kills them
and no one is exempt
not even you
look what you done to mickey mouse
1, 2, 3, 4, look what you've done to mickey mouse
1, 2, 3, 4, look what you've done to mickey mouse
1, 2, 3, 4, look what you've done to mickey mouse
1, 2, 3, 4, look what you've done to mickey mouse
why are you even laughing away!
and it all went quiet in the city
and the wind blew down the road
someone cried out "subvert"
and the people all went cold
subvert, subvert, subvert, subvert
meanwhile back in subvert city
someone's writing on the wall
"fuck the government" spray-paint hero
someone wants the state to fall
religious dogma crucified
ritual slaughter, no one lied
living standards were dying morals
a state-controlled mass suicide
and it all went quiet in the city
and the wind blew down the road
someone cried out "subvert"
and the people all went cold
subvert, subvert, subvert, subvert
the dying breed of subvert city
crept into the underground
the state police just left them there
blocked the holes, and gassed them down
ten years later they emerged
mutated minds so full of hate
tried again to change the system
but this time round it was too late
there was no system left to change
the people ran the entire land
the subverts became politicians
and finally got the upper hand
meanwhile back in subvert city
someone's writing on the wall
"fuck the government" spray-paint hero
but in subvert city, it's subvert rule
subvert, subvert, subvert, subvert
all is quiet all is dead
the city has melted
the sound has penetrated
through our heads
the world has ended the gas is gone
it killed the people now the mutants live on
chorus:
so long to the world
that's what they said
it's 1984 and it's all gone dead
there is no england
anarchy is right
but don't contradict
or try to fight
it's always dark there is no light
and 77 has rose to its height
chorus
they shouldn't have brought back hanging
it caused a lot of fuss
no one could trust the government
we had the fuckers sussed
there are no banks left
they've all gone bust
and the houses of parliament is just a pile of dust
chorus
it's 1984 and there's gonna be a war
war...war..there is fucking war
do you believe in the afterlife
termination with a rusty knife
religious wars no reason why
what a glorious way to die
in the name of god they left you to die
religious wars there's no reason why
they left you to die
the ultimate excuse is here
die for a cause, religion is fear
fear of the threat of something unreal
abdicate the way you really feel
in the name of god they left you to die
religious wars there's no reason why
they left you to die
in the darkness of death
there's no light in your eyes
a cross in your grave
your time has arrived
drink, s**, cigarettes
ford cortina household pets
bombs? war? famine? death?
an apathetic public couldn t care less
the public watches itv
reads the sun drinks cups of tea
two-star family stay content
their lives controlled by parliament
well daddy's lost his job again
because he never had no brain
he only lives to watch tv
his life controlled by apathy
the russians seem so far away
the government seems to be ok
the papers never mention war
cos the people that they cater for have got:
the things that you never knew were there
or was it that you didn't care
the biggest problem face to face
an apathetic human race
oh my god it's raining again
and a 7-year-old anarchist is blowing up berlin
my subs lp is still brand-new
but what does it matter? there's nothing i can do
great big hole in my back door
and everyone expects a nuclear war
i've been on the beer--i think i'm gonna spew
but what does it matter? there's nothing i can do
the dust in the road gets in my eyes
and the system tells such fucking lies
why should i believe what they say is true?
but what does it matter? there's nothing i can do, no
there's nothing i can do
i wouldn't do it for you
but you wouldn't do it for me
well that's the facts you see
my 10-year-old sister is on the pill
ronnie bigg's got a flat in brazil
third generation ain't got a clue
why should it matter? there's nothing i can do
nothing i can do
nothin i can fucking do
i wouldn't do it for you anyway
but another day
we're never the same
and there's nothing i can do
here we are in a new age
wishing we were dead
there's a tv in my front room
and it's screwing up my head
there's a scanner in the toilet
to watch you take a bath
and there's a picture of hiroshima
to make sure you never laugh
chorus:
and somebody told me
"big brother's watching you"
and somebody else said
"you know it's not true"
who do you believe?
well the police have all gone crazy
you never had it so bad
they take away the dignity
that you never really had
they know all about you
they even know what you drink
and if they thought you were worth it
they could sus out what you think
(and think you crazy)
chorus
well they asked me how to prove it
and there was nothing i could say
i said "watch out for big brother"
and then they put me away
they said i was paranoid
because i wrote this song
but they didn't need to read it
because they knew it all along
chorus
don't ask the people what the people think
they've got no opinion but they still think we stink
the great british public, the great majority
the safe foundation of our society
but we're the m
we're the minority, won't go away
we're the minority and we're ok
we're the minority, got something to say
yeah we're the minority the ones with the brains
putting the country on a nervous strain
they can't stand the truth--the truth never lies
the great british public got bricks in their eyes
but we're the minority and we're ok
we're the minority, won't go away
we're the minority and we're ok
we're the minority, got something to fucking say
when the people of the country have forgotten how to disagree
and the national economy is said to be ok
and the wages that you get will help you to forget
will you keep your ideologies or throw them all away?
when the system has you beaten
even now you haven't eaten
cos you can't afford to eat or drink to keep your brain alive
you blame the system for the weather but carry on as ever
you go to work at half past eight and come back home at five
you can go blue in the face talking about the human race
how they got to outer space but it never stopped the wars
and how the whole of this humanity is based on greed and vanity
the ones who make decisions are the ones who make the laws
but you're still in this society
so what's your main priority
remain in the majority who never really cared?
or cultivate the hate to annihilate the state
are you prepared to die for your beliefs or just to dye your hair?
the anarchist, the nihilist but can you prove that you exist
to apopulation who insist you're just a bunch of fakes
you cannot change the system until you change your own restrictions
communication and conviction - got to kick until it breaks
subhumans
the day the country died
ashtray dirt
ashtray dirt
your lungs have got a dirty stain
all you feel's a cancer pain
fingers turned a sticky yellow color
every one fag is less one hour of your life
don't be a sucker and mess up your life
smoking them fags from 9 to 5
you might as well eat the dirty dog-ends
you know you're going round the bend
they'll put you away
i dunno why you smoke them no. 6
a packet of fags is a packet of tricks
i dunno why you smoke them fucking cigars
you're gonna stay helpless the way you are
...you were but now you're dead with your ashtray dirt
you, you're driving me insane
but you know there's something wrong with my brain
my head is really in a whirl
where you look just like a normal girl
chorus:
but you don't really care
it happens everywhere
you don't give a shit
forget about it, forget about it
forget
i was living in a plastic bag
i didn't know what to do
i didn't know she was a slag
well what would you do?
what would you do?
chorus
i didn't know i killed her
i was out of my mind
she only wanted my money
but she made me blind
she made me blind
chorus
there's a hole at the bottom of the earth
where the blood pours out at the end of the day
when the usual amount of people have died
sit back and watch the death and decay
it's a dying world
when you're living in a dying world
panicking becomes the everyday thing
buy up the food, the power and the guns
get used to the threat of the final fling
it's a dying world
there's a hole in your mind where nothing exists
except fear and loathing of the strange but true
facts that defy your inner intelligence
like man kills himself for something to do
it's a dying world
the government are real good to us
they crowd in their shelters and let us die
the nuclear holocaust won't last long
white turns to black in the sky

you build your demolition war
what the hell are you fighting for?
you keep your peace with the starving countries
the cambodians have to be fed
but can't you see we've got our problems?
you're taxing us to buy tons of lead

labour can take the businesses over
because they've got the worker's rights
a choice of three for democracy
and they're all parasites

parasites - taking over the country!
parasites - taking over your home!
parasites - taking over your mind!
there's a bomb going off in belfast
there's a war in vietnam
there's a t.v. documentary
to help you understand
but the other channel is better
cos it doesn't tax your mind
relax in the ignorance of your home
as man destroys mankind
and the rest of the world has gone to sleep
because they couldn't care less
the world is going, so am i
it's such a bloody mess
there's an arms race in america
the race that no one wins
if somebody pushed the button
the accidental sin
meanwhile baby wonders
"what's a nuclear war?"
and mummy says to tell the truth, i'm really not quite sure
and the rest of the world was ignorant
because they weren't told more
the pamphlet said 'just stay at home, avoid the threat of war
the computer pressed the button
the rain was full of lead
and more bombs dropped on belfast
and vietnam went dead
the t.v. documentary
outlined the possible cause
it was just a human error
because man invented war
and the rest of the world has gone to hell
because they never cared more
the children cried before they died
so this is nuclear war
don't care what they may say
we got that attitude!
don't care what you may do
we got that attitude!
hey, we got that p.m.a.!
hey, we got the p.m.a.!
don't care what you may do
we got that attitude!
i don't care what you may say
we got that attitude!
hey, we got that p.m.a.!
hey, we got the p.m.a.!
we got that attitude!
we got that attitude!
hey, we got that attitude!
hey, we got that attitude!
don't care what you may say
we got that attitude!
don't care what you may do
we got that attitude!3
banned in d.c. with a thousand more places to go
gonna swim across the atlantic, cause that's the only place i can go
you, you can't hurt me
why? i'm banned in d.c
d.c
we, we got ourselves
gonna sing it, gonna love it, gonna work it out to any length
don't worry, no worry, about what the people say
we got ourselves, we gonna make it anyway
you, you can't hurt me
why? i'm banned in d.c
d.c., d.c
and if you ban us from your clubs
it's the right time, the right mind
and if you think we really care, you won't find in my mind
no! you can't afford, to close your doors, so soon no more
my oh my i let you down upon the ground
so soon no more
no! you can't afford to close your doors, so soon no more
my, oh my i'll let you down upon the ground4
i make decisions with precision
lost inside this manned collision
just to see that what to be is
perfectly my fantasy
i came to know with now dismay
that in this world we all must pay
pay to write, pay to play
pay to cum, pay to fight

and all in time, with just our minds
we soon will find what's left behind

not long ago, when things were slow
we all got by with what we know
the end is near, hearts filled with fear
don't want to listen to what they hear
and so it's now we choose to fight
to stick up for our bloody right
the right to ring, the right to dance
the right is ours, we'll take the chance

at peace together, apiece apart
a piece of wisdom from our hearts3
you don't want me anymore
so i just walked right out that door
i play the game right from the start
i trust you, you use me, now my life's all torn apart

so i'm sailing, yeah, i'm sailing on
i'm moving, yeah, i'm moving on
sail on, sail on, sail on, sail on

tried to see if i'll give up
but there wasn't any luck
it's a fact, a fact of life
that's the game, game of strife everything is all in stride

so i'm sailing, well, i'm sailing on
i'm moving, well, i'm moving on
sail on, sail on, sail on, sail on


so i'm sailing, yeah, i'm sailing on
i'm moving, yeah, i'm moving on
sail on, sail on, sail on, sail on
too many years with too many tears
and too many days with none to say
so how will we know when there's nowhere to grow
the fact of life, life too short, oh2
no one dared to show for that shower
when nobody turned out to be clean
was not even touched by the water
just another nazi scheme
yeah, the big takeover yeah-ah-
my, big takeover yeahh, yeahhh
all throughout this so called nation
prepare yourself for the final quest
this world is doomed with its desegregation
just another nazi test
yeah, the big takeover yeah
my, big takeover yeah, yeah
so understand me when i say
there's no hope for the usa
this world is doomed with its desegregation
just another nazi test
yeah, the big takeover yeah
my, big takeover yeah, yeah3
don't need no ivory liquid
don't want no afro sheen
don't need the latest fashions
don't want my hair to smell clean
i've got my automotion
i've got that superpotion
and if you think i'm going crazy
then pretty baby it might be true babe
we don't need no first class
don't need no second class
all of the best-of, all that can kiss my ass
i've got my claim to fame
i've got that positive flame
and if you think i'm going crazy
then pretty baby it might be you babe2
the bourgeoisie had better watch out for me
all throughout this so called nation
we don't want your filthy money
we don't need your innocent bloodshed
we just wanna end your world
well my mind's made up
yes it's time for you to pay
better watch out for me
i'm a member of the f. v. k2
you can't disappear anymore
i see your face lurking outside the window
you say you're a trife, i'm a bore
you touch yourself put your face in the pillow
but the funny thing about you is
you remembered to leave it behind
the funny thing about me is
i'm a member of the right brigade
makes no difference to me
what side you choose, what side will lose
all there is to perceive is what i want
and i know how how to get it
but the funny thing about you is
you remember to leave it behind
and the funny thing about me is
i'm a member of the right brigade1
some people look at me and talk about me like a clown
they just don't realize it's just my simple way to get down
i've got that supertouch, chances are i've got too much
i've come to let you see, that you also can be free
it seems that every time we all try to go underground
the stinking troopers them they think that we are fooling around
we have had about enough, now we're gonna get real tough
it happens everyday, that's why we got p.m.a
we have had about enough, now we're gonna get real tough
it happens everyday, we got supertouch

people just pretending, that's a let down
undercover lover, that's my heart now
struggle just in living, that's the realm of
accept me as i'm not, and that's a shitfit
my best, ain't good enough for you
my test, is what you gonna do
ain't no, any kind of way
love was, lost in yesterday
now we've, felt this
so you'll, get yours now
everybody's living
and nobody's giving
and nobody gives a damn
you must understand me
the end is surely coming
prepare for the final plan
people just pretending, that's a let down
undercover lover, that's my heart now
struggle just in living, that's the realm of
accept me as i'm not, and that's a shitfit
you tell me what to say and when to say it
you tell me what to do and how to do it
and if i ask you why, you'll arrest me
and if i call you liar, you'll detest me
you control what i'll be
you control who i see
and if i let you...
you'll control me
you're the man who owns all the keys to the stores
you're the man who always wants so much more
you're the regulator
you're the regulator
you're the regulator
you're the regulator
i love, i love, i jah
i love, i love, i jah
i love, i love, i jah

walking down babylon lane
me trying to live my life in peace
two young men call me not their brother
they try to make i feel ashamed

but i love, i jah, yeah
he tell me not to be that way
i love, i jah, yeah
i gotta keep my pma
i love, i love, i jah
i love, i love, i jah
i love, i love, i jah

my lovely sister judge me by my clothes, yeah
only to learn to her mistake, not everyone's alike
we're not all a uptight, ah, no fuss, no fight
cool that way, let me tell you 'bout the cool that way

well i say
say i'm leaving this babylon
i'm leaving this babylon
it will not be too long now
it will not be too long
i said my people are starvin'
but your money's runnin'
i said my people are starvin'
but your money's runnin'
i say your dollar, dollar drop down real low
and you ain't got no gold to show
we gonna step right through that door
we not gonna come back no more
i said the politician lyin'
momma just a cryin'
and nothing ever gonna change
my poppa just a sighin'
my sister just a lyin'
and i aint nothing to say
well i say
well i say
don't blow no bubbles
don't blow no troubles
in time before there was no cure
now through his will it's healed for sure
(trash pits, trash pits, trash pits) away
it's not the weather, we've got p.m.a
we know you can do anything
and no thought withheld from thee
so here i beseech thee
to always request and declare
don't blow no bubbles
don't blow no troubles
there's got to be a better way
don't blow no spikes
ask jah and he'll make the change
we know you can do anything
and no thought withheld from thee
so here i beseech thee
to always request and declare
we know you can do anything
and no thought withheld from thee
so here i beseech thee
to always request and declare
don't blow no bubbles and we can stop the a.i.d.s
don't blow no spikes
don't blow no fudge buns
ask jah and he'll make the change
we know you can do anything
and no thought withheld from thee
so here i and i said to thee
to always request and declare
re-ignition, translation begin
cosmopolitan reflection well thin
when our action cause reaction what starts
a transmission of a love in one heart

re-ig-ni-tion
re-ig-ni-tion

i came down to make you overstand
that this gross sphere is not jah land
apart-outside, who can escape
our destiny, confirmed in fate

re-ignition, cancellation can't win
no celesty ever resting begin
when grace melts inside your hand and my heart
is the glory that much closer or apart

re-ig-ni-tion
re-ig-ni-tion
we hope to make you overstand
that this gross sphere is not jah land
apart-outside who can escape
our destiny confirmed in fate

always and forever, near or far
safe in your bosom here we are
pain does not mean feel no joy
re-ignition for girl and for boy

re-ig-ni-tion
re-ig-ni-tion
re-ig-ni-tion
re-ig-ni-tion

we love to make you overstand
that this gross sphere is not jah land
apart-outside who can escape
millennium confirmed in fate1
